# Blaclisting advertizers, telemetry and malware

# Sources for malware and advertizer's domains:
#    https://github.com/StevenBlack/hosts
#    http://www.malwaredomainlist.com/hostslist/hosts.txt
#    http://winhelp2002.mvps.org/hosts.htm
#    http://someonewhocares.org/hosts/zero/
#    http://pgl.yoyo.org/adservers/
#

## Malware
*telemetry* *----* *oralse* *goatse* *sextracker* *slimxxx*

## Ads
banner.* banners.* ads.* adserver.* ad.* oas.* oascentral.* stats.* tag.* reklama.*
counter.*

## Ads
.adtech.de .hitbox.com .adhese.be .doubleclick.net .double-click.net .doubleclick.com
.doubleclick.de .openclick.com .exoclick.com .stats.tmtm.ru .mellowads.com
.anon-stats.eff.org .reklama.rambler.ru .cntcerber.rambler.ru .adtech.fr .adtech.us
.brightcove.net .brightcove.com .fullstory.com .fastclick.net .fastclick.com
.c.mystat-in.net .images.rambler.ru .scnt.rambler.ru .scounter.rambler.ru
.counter.rambler.ru .ad3.rambler.ru .ad2.rambler.ru .openads.org .onclickads.com
.onclickads.net .tns-counter.ru .effectivemeasure.net .scorecardresearch.com
.statcounter.com .mc.yandex.ru .xiti.com .stats.esomniture.com .focalink.com

## Mozilla Firefox
.support.mozilla.org .add.my.yahoo.com .30boxes.com .ostats.mozilla.com
.sostats.mozilla.com .telemetry.mozilla.org .secure.informacion.com
.self-repair.mozilla.org .addons.mozilla.org .services.mozilla.com
.snippets.cdn.mozilla.net .aus5.mozilla.org .fhr.data.mozilla.com
.fhr.cdn.mozilla.net .update.mozilla.org

## Google, WARNING! some sites might not work without these domains
.apis.google.com .googletagmanager.com .googletagservices.com .googleadservices.com
.googlesyndication.com .googlepages.com .google-analytics.com .googleapis.com
.l.google.com .video-stats.video.google.com .safebrowsing.google.com

## Apple
.apple.com----macupdate.co .mac-services.apple.com .support-sp.apple.com
.gsp1.apple.com .smoot.apple.com .pancake.apple.com .apple-finance.query.yahoo.com
.radarsubmissions.apple.com .push.apple.com

## Microsoft
.msftncsi.com .msftncsi.com.edgesuite.net .microsoft.akadns.net .vo.msecnd.net
.analytics.microsoft.com .amer.hops.glbdns.microsoft.com
.apprep.smartscreen.microsoft.com .metrics.skype.com

## Social Media
.syndication.twitter.com .platform.twitter.com .fonts.gstatic.com .twitter.cm
.analytics.twitter.com urls.api.twitter.com .p.twitter.com .scribe.twitter.com
.ads.ak.facebook.com .ads.ak.facebook.com.edgesuite.net .creative.ak.facebook.com
.pixel.facebook.com .update.utorrent.com

# Ads, Malware hosts
 lolhello.com lemonparty.org jiztini.com geotarget.info eelsoup.net
au.track.decideinteractive.com dadparty.com bowlgirl.com bluewaffle.biz
hphqsearch.112.2o7.net bagslap.com 4girlsfingerpaint.org 5740.4785.blueseek.com
static.de.euserv.adaos-ads.net 3guys1hammer.ws 2girls1finger.org click.atdmt.com
realtouchbannerwidget.aebn.net 1man1jar.org triphasil.3.p2l.info 1girl1pitcher.com
conv.adengage.com www.goat.cx www.stickylogic.com rt.udmserve.net
metrics.tulsaworld.com beacons.helium.com diet-pills.hut1.ru c7.zxxds.net
www.zedo.com rotabanner.utro.ru xads.zedo.com l5.zedo.com l3.zedo.com gw.zedo.com
d3.zedo.com d2.zedo.com c6.zedo.com c5.zedo.com www.myroitracking.com
tube8vidsjan.ddns.name serving.adsrevenue.clicksor.net blickonl.wemfbox.ch
www.infinityads.com track.clicksor.com mci12.clicksor.com popunder.adsrevenue.net
sports.ign.us.intellitxt.com m4.au.2mdn.net tr1.myroitracking.com
serw.myroitracking.com yandexadexchange.net bs.yandex.ru www.chainsawoffer.com
advertising.yandex.ru ybinst5.ec.yimg.com ybinst4.ec.yimg.com ybinst3.ec.yimg.com
cdn-1.convertexperiments.com ac.ybinst8.ec.yimg.com www.crackzplanet.com
ac.ybinst6.ec.yimg.com ac.ybinst5.ec.yimg.com www.webmoblink.com 2guys1stump.org
ebaumsworld.us.intellitxt.com ac.ybinst2.ec.yimg.com ci.beap.ad.yieldmanager.net
geo.query.yahoo.com ifa.tube8live.com gd.ads.vip.gq1.yahoo.com c1935.ic-live.com
o.analytics.yahoo.com ld1.criteo.com ravel-rewardpath.com a.analytics.yahoo.com
v.bsvideos.com np.lexity.com www.faggotry.com straighttangerine.cz.cc cc5f.dnyp.com
open.ad.yieldmanager.net clicks.beap.ad.yieldmanager.net csc.beap.bc.yahoo.com
www1.o2.co.uk adidnes2.bbmedia.cz tw2.adserver.yahoo.com cluster.adworldmedia.com
pn2.adserver.yahoo.com free-lesbian-pic.in www.getyourfreecomputer.com
pn1.adserver.yahoo.com sdc.flyingmag.com fatcatrewards.com in.adserver.yahoo.com
pcworldcommunication.122.2o7.net ads2.rp.pl ca.adserver.yahoo.com
timelywebsitehostesses.com clickit.go2net.com xml.weather.overture.com
xml.ivillage.overture.com rc.us-east.srv.overture.com srv.perf.overture.com
www.youcanoptout.net rc23.overture.com rc12.overture.com
analytics.springboardvideo.com www.us-topsites.com html.imeem.overture.com
dmxml.smartname.overture.com cmh.tw.yahoo.overture.com cm.weather.overture.com
cm.uk.overture.com cm.tw.overture.com superxmassavers.ru cm.quizilla.overture.com
ads2.weblogssl.com cm.npc-suntimes.overture.com cm.npc-scripps.overture.com
3w.nuggad.net n4p.ua.redtram.com zb.zeroredirect1.com cm.npc-philly.overture.com
naftemporiki.nuggad.net cm.npc-nydn.overture.com cm.eu.guardian.overture.com
aminev.com cm.de.overture.com cm.comedycentral.overture.com
cm.br.clickgratis.overture.com microsoftxbox.112.2o7.net
techgadgets.in.intellitxt.com cm.atomfilms.overture.com metrics.nutrisystem.com
cm.addictinggames.overture.com js.adscale.de m6.nl.2mdn.net cm.jp.overture.com
stat.tudou.com rc.us-west.srv.overture.com visit.webhosting.yahoo.com
japanesevehicles.us advision.webevents.yahoo.com platform.communicatorcorp.com
nol.yahoo.com gambling911.adrevolver.com gr.adserver.yahoo.com de.adserver.yahoo.com
uk.adserver.yahoo.com nl.adserver.yahoo.com dk.adserver.yahoo.com
adjax.flickr.yahoo.com api.yieldmanager.com my.adtegrity.net l.yieldmanager.net
tw.adserver.yahoo.com cn.adserver.yahoo.com nz.adserver.yahoo.com m8.za.2mdn.net
ntkrnlpa.info web1.realtracker.com layout1.realtracker.com smpopmech.112.2o7.net
realtracker.com www.netpoll.nl e0.extreme-dm.com ilead.itrack.it https.edge.ru4.com
bootstrap.livefyre.com advert.funimation.com www.balook.com
smartad.mercadolivre.com.br smartad.mercadolibre.com.ar http.edge.ru4.com
bannerpower.com ac-gb.mgid.com ad01.advertise.com srv1.rapidstats.de a.mgid.com
mnfidnahub.112.2o7.net www.xvika.org cdn.oggifinogi.com www.xvika.net aka-root.com
toroadvertisingmedia.com thesurfshield.com www.clicksotrk.com
www.decideinteractive.com comcluster.cxense.com eu.link.decideinteractive.com
reunion.tt.omtrdc.net cudacorp.com www.iws.ro savurew.bastroporalsurgery.com
mailserv.v1.de.euserv.adaos-ads.net deliv.lexpress.fr adin.bigpoint.com w93.am15.net
credity.ucoz.ru d9d0e0.r.axf8.net internetpanel.research-int.se abcdespanol.com
zango.112.2o7.net simg.sinajs.cn l2.zedo.com cm.npc-denvernews.overture.com
adv.merlin.co.il c.realtytrac.com stat.netinfocompany.bg smetrics.creditreport.com
adcontent.videoegg.com c.am11.ru adj40.thruport.com quotidiennokoue.com
linuxforums.us.intellitxt.com gpaper139.112.2o7.net protection.hkpolice.com
bank02.ads.mp.mydas.mobi metrics.sharecare.com trk.etrigue.com
nlconsulateorlandoorg.siteprotect.net d.admob.com inmobiliariarobinson.com pr-ten.de
adland.medialand.ru www.kwistal.nl ww3.tongji123.com jgen28.cjt1.net ad6media.fr
iyvwbox.de media.opencandy.com counter29.bravenet.com
annanicolesannanicolesmith.ca.tt mmafighting.us.intellitxt.com counter43.bravenet.com
host7.list.ru tracking.clickmeter.com angtr.112.2o7.net ctxtad.tribalfusion.com
newsinteractive.112.2o7.net clicktorrent.info fips.uimserv.net comcast.demdex.net
websurvey.spa-mr.com marx-brothers.mhwang.com g.3gl.net
forex-trading-benefits.blogspot.com adremote.pathfinder.com bill.ccbill.com
www.i.matheranalytics.com tube8vidsnyp.dnset.com 4girlsfingerpaint.com
acookie.alimama.com insightxe.washtimes.com insightxe.vtsgonline.com
insightxe.artistdirect.com insightxe.accuweather.com insightfirst.oxygen.com
ziffdavisglobal.112.2o7.net start.outster.com adm.shinobi.jp ads08.hyperbanner.net
imgn.marketgid.com axisbuild.com protection.papolice.com bs-meta.yandex.ru
srv.stackadapt.com www.2guys1stump.org premium.mookie1.com pch.122.2o7.net
info-images.rambler.ru discountclick.com realmedia-a592.d4p.net
go.lotech.bbelements.com www.ivwb0ox.de tracking.247search.com ad8.bannerbank.ru
videoclick.ru oas-central.realmedia.com network.realmedia.com dsa.csdata1.com
web.acumenpi.com lycoscollect.realmedia.com retaildirect.realmedia.com
pittlive.247realmedia.com openadstream-eu1.247realmedia.com www.optiad.net
oasc12016.247realmedia.com eplans.112.2o7.net oasc11009.247realmedia.com
oasc08024.247realmedia.com aolwpnscom.122.2o7.net oasc08011.247realmedia.com
oasc08006.247realmedia.com ajewishgift.com mt83.mtree.com adverticus.de
oasc06006.247realmedia.com oasc05135.247realmedia.com astw.adgear.com
oasc04052.247realmedia.com oasc02023.247realmedia.com br.rawcomm.net textlinks.com
oasc12.247realmedia.com oasc11.247realmedia.com techasiamusicsvr.com
oasc08.247realmedia.com theanswerto.com nx-adv0035.247realmedia.com
network-ca.247realmedia.com ac9d98.r.axf8.net mediafr.247realmedia.com
hy-brasil.mhwang.com shoppingsiterewards.com lycos.247realmedia.com ivcwbox.de
lssportscollect.247realmedia.com ipro.247realmedia.com ted.dailymail.co.uk
imageceu1.247realmedia.com imagec17.247realmedia.com contentsearch.de.espotting.com
imagec16.247realmedia.com dolce-sportro.count.brat-online.ro
imagec12.247realmedia.com imagec09.247realmedia.com e35fbf.t.axf8.net blatant8jh.info
imagec05.247realmedia.com fedex.demdex.net imagenen1.247realmedia.com
ftbusinesscollect.247realmedia.com advloc.alice.it na.decdna.net
softpedia.uk.intellitxt.com vsii.spindox.net banner2.inet-traffic.com www.mivwbox.de
ba.afl.rakuten.co.jp ads01.hyperbanner.net thedeal.insightfirst.com
hosting.conduit.com content.dl-rms.com core.videoegg.com adn.static-files.com
www.yournewluxurywatch.ru jmiller3d.com yahoo.ivwbox.de www.exchange.bg
wissende.ivwbox.de netsdartboards.122.2o7.net wirtwoch.ivwbox.de fiona.ai.net
wetter.ivwbox.de www.messagetag.com vox.ivwbox.de vogue.ivwbox.de viply.ivwbox.de
vanity.ivwbox.de tomshard.ivwbox.de stimme.ivwbox.de ad6.speedbit.com fusionquest.com
spoxcom.ivwbox.de rh.adscale.de sevload.ivwbox.de es.adserver.yahoo.com x.admob.com
schuelvz.ivwbox.de clicmanager.fr qs.ivwbox.de rb-net.com pro7.ivwbox.de
www.myluvcrush.ca pcgames.ivwbox.de js.nster.net ntv.ivwbox.de newsclic.ivwbox.de
gifastcompanycom.112.2o7.net www.portaldimensional.com n24.ivwbox.de
myvideo.ivwbox.de mp3world.ivwbox.de kabel1.ivwbox.de ws05.home.sapo.pt
www.poker-new.com gsea.ivwbox.de preview.leadmediapartners.com formel1.ivwbox.de
fanpop.ivwbox.de expedia.ivwbox.de tracer.perezhilton.com digiworl.ivwbox.de
daserste.ivwbox.de bild.ivwbox.de badzeit.ivwbox.de tubeanalporn.com
hstes.tradedoubler.com www.1sexsex.com webtrends.telegraph.co.uk
doctorsassociatesrx.112.2o7.net sdc.windowsmarketplace.com www.3bsoftware.com
sdc.vml.com sdc.traderonline.com sdc.roadandtrack.com sdc.radio-canada.ca
sdc.netiq.com sm5.sitemeter.com sdc.mcafee.com sdc.livingchoices.com
sdc.dishnetwork.com sdc.caranddriver.com goldbach.hit.gemius.pl wtrs.101com.com
track.adform.net domainsteam.de dcstest.wtlive.com wt.o.nytimes.com
803.stats.misstrends.com pmetrics.performancing.com counter2.hitslink.com
in.getclicky.com metrics.acehardware.com mailtribunecom.112.2o7.net
promo.clickcash.com searchmeup.com apps.clickcash.com w61.am15.net cc.webpower.com
www.edu-offer.com anythinghollywood.us.intellitxt.com ads4pubs.com www.lpmxp2022.com
www.gameplaylabs.com adj16r1.thruport.com cheap-phentermine.polybuild.ru
adv.webmd.com adv.medscape.com smartshare.lgtvsdp.com www.websponsors.com
ocs.websponsors.com www.pillsmoney.com wellbutrin.4.p2l.info xxxreactor.com
postrelease.com echo.teasernet.ru mg.mgid.com m.tribalfusion.com
cards.virtuagirlhd.com www.helltraffic.com helltraffic.com ad3.depositfiles.com
www.crocoads.com www.bravospots.com nmkansascity.112.2o7.net lt.andomedia.com
affiliates.upforitnetworks.com traffic.ru www.toonfamilies.net content.thrixxx.com
c1.smartclick.net an.z5x.net xml.seekandsee.com go.pub2srv.com propellerpops.com
ad11.bannerbank.ru www.sudokuwhiz.com www.mangayhentai.com popunder.net
otherprofit.com searchatomic.com go.oclasrv.com popads.ero-advertising.com
adkengage.com www.ilovecheating.com eu-adcenter.net secure.fhserve.com
static.adtaily.com 9.ecounter.org ybinst7.ec.yimg.com getmyfreeplasma.com
www.cartoonpornguide.com yasnide.ivwbox.de www.artcomix.com pixel.adadvisor.net
artcomix.com adultcomix.biz cdn.behavioralengine.com fe.brandreachsys.com adsyst.biz
serve.adhance.com a.dlqm.net www2.acint.net rmads.eu.msn.com 1phads.com
hv3.webstat.com clickadu.com my.yieldmanager.com pub16.bravenet.com wateristian.com
pod.sexsearch.com lsmeuk.com a2pub.com invite.gezinti.com go.padsdelivery.com
nitroclicks.com a4.adzs.nl www.professionalcash.com www.hugedomains.com
employment.112.2o7.net xml.admanage.com admanage.com d.abnad.net temp.adzerver.com
vast.bp3855099.btrll.com dn.adzerver.com www.spookylinks.com
www.lonelycheatingwives.com celebslam.tags.crwdcntrl.net dc2.netcdn.org
st.marketgid.com www.adultcash.com popfree.adultcash.com metrics.totalbeauty.com
affiliates.hookup.com tx2.ru xml.adsparkmedia.net adultlinksco.com
filter.adsparkmedia.net cpv.popxml.com xml.plusfind.net 403.hqhost.net
xml.ecpvads.com ads3.wunderground.com www.cnstats.com click.zipcodez.com
www.myfreemp3player.com 14713804a.l2m.net mouads.com ac.ybinst4.ec.yimg.com
hiphoprx.us.intellitxt.com tracking.crunchiemedia.com dcanscapital.co.uk
ps.interpolls.com m6.fi.2mdn.net script.netminers.dk www.wallpapers.com
rasmussenreports.us.intellitxt.com www.screensaver.com register.music-oasis.com
www3.freeze.com register.freeze.com off.freeze.com smile-angel.com my.freeze.com
stats1.porntrack.com lan.freeze.com stack9.collect.igodigital.com
images.affiliator.com p.raasnet.com admatch-syndication.mochila.com www.livwbox.de
www.oivwbox.de infolinks.com tracking.m6r.eu loadm.exelator.com s38.cnzz.com
live.monitus.net www.blogads.com stat.blogads.com usatoday1.112.2o7.net
img.blogads.com tracking.absolstats.com www.projectwonderful.com vdhu.com
weblog.blogads.com proranktracker.com st.blogads.com finatime.ivwbox.de g.blogads.com
newsoxy.us.intellitxt.com cache.blogads.com 4.googlenews.xorg.pl 3.googlenews.xorg.pl
go.affec.tv 2.googlenews.xorg.pl 1.googlenews.xorg.pl video.od.visiblemeasures.com
promo.passioncams.com shopping-offer.com www.producttestpanel.com
www.vibrantmedia.com services.picadmedia.com vibrantmedia.com cdn3.adbrau.com
zug.us.intellitxt.com otf.msn.com adj26.thruport.com yourtango.us.intellitxt.com
6.bbnface.com yeeeah.us.intellitxt.com wowinterface.us.intellitxt.com
netspiderads3.indiatimes.com worldnetdaily.us.intellitxt.com
wiregirl.us.intellitxt.com track.omg2.com winmatrix.us.intellitxt.com
windowsbbs.us.intellitxt.com o.admob.com openx.blindferret.com
whoateallthepies.uk.intellitxt.com warcry.us.intellitxt.com
voodoofiles.us.intellitxt.com videocodezone.us.intellitxt.com
viaarena.us.intellitxt.com twitchguru.us.intellitxt.com tweetsoup.us.intellitxt.com
tweakvista.us.intellitxt.com tweaks.us.intellitxt.com d4.cumshots.ws
tv-now.us.intellitxt.com site-checksite.tk service.multi-pops.com adtiger.de
tvfanatic.us.intellitxt.com ab-gb.mgid.com tsxclub.us.intellitxt.com
triumphrat.us.intellitxt.com oasc03012.247realmedia.com tribal.us.intellitxt.com
metrics.performancing.com adunit.cdn.auditude.com trekweb.us.intellitxt.com
awempire.com traileraddict.us.intellitxt.com tothecenter.us.intellitxt.com
topnews.us.intellitxt.com cpmstar.com aa-gb.mgid.com www.visit-tracker.biz
pp.free.fr tomsnetworking.us.intellitxt.com
tomshardware.us.intellitxt.com tomsforumz.us.intellitxt.com newsde.ivwbox.de
threadwatch.us.intellitxt.com thoughtsmedia.us.intellitxt.com www.freeipoduk.com
thinkcomputers.us.intellitxt.com 2girls1cup.ws theybf.us.intellitxt.com
www.livecount.fr ad4.bannerbank.ru bbcdn.go.ihned.bbelements.com
thetechzone.us.intellitxt.com thetechlounge.us.intellitxt.com europeanbanners.com
thesuperficial.us.intellitxt.com thepaparazzis.us.intellitxt.com a.abnad.net
thegauntlet.us.intellitxt.com theblemish.us.intellitxt.com e.abnad.net
laptopreportcard.com thathappened.us.intellitxt.com s248.meetrics.net
tgdaily.us.intellitxt.com search.freeze.com demr.opt.fimserve.com
techsupportforum.us.intellitxt.com www.toy-offer.net techimo.us.intellitxt.com
b1.perfb.com techgage.us.intellitxt.com techeblog.us.intellitxt.com keywordblocks.com
ym.bannerconnect.net tor.redlightcenter.com steadyhealth.us.intellitxt.com
ybinst8.ec.yimg.com click.trafikkfondet.no www.romepartners.com
starcasm.us.intellitxt.com www.w1.ro intelcorpcim.112.2o7.net ae-gb.mgid.com
sprintusers.us.intellitxt.com cdn.tagcommander.com speedtv.us.intellitxt.com
speedguide.us.intellitxt.com socialitelife.us.intellitxt.com autocontext.begun.ru
scanwith.us.intellitxt.com nz.2.cqcounter.com rydium.us.intellitxt.com
www.wordplaywhiz.com ringsurf.us.intellitxt.com
reelmovienews.us.intellitxt.com rankmytattoos.us.intellitxt.com
aclasscelebs.us.intellitxt.com quinstreet.us.intellitxt.com rh.revolvermaps.com
pwinsider.us.intellitxt.com ps3news.us.intellitxt.com popoholic.us.intellitxt.com
popdirt.us.intellitxt.com online-job.petrovka.info pinkisthenewblog.us.intellitxt.com
techspot.us.intellitxt.com www.banner-link.com.br pickmeupnews.us.intellitxt.com
perezhilton.us.intellitxt.com webmasters.videarn.com penton.us.intellitxt.com
pcper.us.intellitxt.com phpadsnew.new.natuurpark.nl ostg.us.intellitxt.com
landings.trafficz.com boxingscene.us.intellitxt.com osdir.us.intellitxt.com
oocenter.us.intellitxt.com octools.us.intellitxt.com ua.hit.gemius.pl
ntcompatible.us.intellitxt.com nextround.us.intellitxt.com neowin.us.intellitxt.com
creative.ad126m.com nbcuniversaltv.us.intellitxt.com www.visits.lt
natureworldnews.us.intellitxt.com naturalhealth.us.intellitxt.com
myfavoritegames.us.intellitxt.com mydigitallife.us.intellitxt.com madserver.net
technology.msnbc.us.intellitxt.com action.metaffiliation.com
sports.msnbc.us.intellitxt.com nbcsports.us.intellitxt.com
autos.msnbc.us.intellitxt.com xyz.freelogs.com www.dietsecret.ru
cm.webmd.overture.com msnbc.us.intellitxt.com server-no.imrworldwide.com
movieweb.us.intellitxt.com movie-list.us.intellitxt.com motortrend.us.intellitxt.com
adtlgc.com mommyish.us.intellitxt.com mobiletechreview.us.intellitxt.com
missjia.us.intellitxt.com meredithtv.us.intellitxt.com masalatalk.us.intellitxt.com
agkn.com partner02.oingo.com madamenoire.us.intellitxt.com avon.112.2o7.net
laptopmag.us.intellitxt.com macmegasite.us.intellitxt.com
macnewsworld.us.intellitxt.com lyrics.us.intellitxt.com 600z.com
lxer.us.intellitxt.com ox-d.qz.com link.siccash.com lockergnome.us.intellitxt.com
phorm.cl livestrong.us.intellitxt.com us.w1.yimg.com latinoreview.us.intellitxt.com
h1.ripway.com lat34.us.intellitxt.com laptoplogic.us.intellitxt.com ndcsales.info
kpopstarz.us.intellitxt.com metrics.impactengine.com
kissingsuzykolber.us.intellitxt.com kaboose.us.intellitxt.com ad-feeds.com
justjared.us.intellitxt.com jupiter.us.intellitxt.com ad16.bb.ru mypagerank.ru
juicy-news.blogspot.us.intellitxt.com jkontherun.us.intellitxt.com
cdn.trafficstars.com itworld.us.intellitxt.com adreadytractions.com
itxt3.us.intellitxt.com adsatt.movies.starwave.com itxt2.us.intellitxt.com
entercasino.com investopedia.us.intellitxt.com www.adsentnetwork.com
investingchannel.us.intellitxt.com track.adjal.com intomobile.us.intellitxt.com
internetautoguide.us.intellitxt.com idm.us.intellitxt.com
infopackets.us.intellitxt.com imreportcard.us.intellitxt.com www.hotspotshield.com
impactwrestling.us.intellitxt.com www.almondnetworks.com
xbox360.ign.us.intellitxt.com draftstreet.sitescoutadserver.com
talkcity.realtracker.com xbox.ign.us.intellitxt.com w66.am15.net
psx.ign.us.intellitxt.com gameboy.ign.us.intellitxt.com www.wigetmedia.com
therapistla.com ds.ign.us.intellitxt.com update.privdog.com
comics.ign.us.intellitxt.com pics.kolmic.com arc1.msn.com
india-forums.us.intellitxt.com ign.us.intellitxt.com www2.leadingedgecash.com
www.voicefive.com icydk.us.intellitxt.com tagessch.ivwbox.de
icentric.us.intellitxt.com s.adframesrc.com v5.cnzz.com iamnotageek.us.intellitxt.com
di-se.c.richmetrics.com hq-celebrity.us.intellitxt.com www.optimum-hits.com
howardchui.us.intellitxt.com modifiedlife.us.intellitxt.com mads.mp3.com
hotmommagossip.us.intellitxt.com hoovers.us.intellitxt.com ero-advertising.com
hongkiat.us.intellitxt.com ctrack.trafficjunky.net hometheaterhifi.us.intellitxt.com
hollywoodtuna.us.intellitxt.com tracking.justpremium.com
hollywoodstreetking.us.intellitxt.com hollywoodbackwash.us.intellitxt.com
engine.4chan-ads.org hiphopdx.us.intellitxt.com brapolice.com
haveuheard.us.intellitxt.com hardwaregeeks.us.intellitxt.com
hardcoreware.us.intellitxt.com inskinad.com guardianlv.us.intellitxt.com
graytv.us.intellitxt.com gossiponthis.us.intellitxt.com gonintendo.us.intellitxt.com
goal.us.intellitxt.com girlsaskguys.us.intellitxt.com genmay.us.intellitxt.com
s01.delivery.addynamo.com gamesradar.us.intellitxt.com aff2.gittigidiyor.com
gamedev.us.intellitxt.com gabsmash.us.intellitxt.com freewarehome.us.intellitxt.com
foxsports.us.intellitxt.com forbes.us.intellitxt.com rc.revolvermaps.com
art-offer.com flyingmag.us.intellitxt.com m7.it.2mdn.net
firingsquad.us.intellitxt.com filmthreat.us.intellitxt.com filmstew.us.intellitxt.com
filedudes.us.intellitxt.com mlbstlouis.112.2o7.net fatbackmedia.us.intellitxt.com
js.indexww.com fatbackandcollards.us.intellitxt.com fangoria.us.intellitxt.com
main.clicksor.com tas-rs.toboads.com extremeoverclocking.us.intellitxt.com
excite.us.intellitxt.com x25.plorp.com examnotes.us.intellitxt.com ulic.baidu.com
www.xivwbox.de encyclocentral.us.intellitxt.com electronista.us.intellitxt.com
faz.ivwbox.de valueclick.net ehow.us.intellitxt.com eepn.us.intellitxt.com
topsafelist.net ecommercetimes.us.intellitxt.com eastsideboxing.us.intellitxt.com
driverguide.us.intellitxt.com cheap-web-hosting-here.blogspot.com
diyfood.us.intellitxt.com www.nedstat.com digitalmediaonline.us.intellitxt.com
script.ioam.de demonews.us.intellitxt.com delconewsnetwork.us.intellitxt.com
delawareonline.us.intellitxt.com darlamack.us.intellitxt.com
darkhorizons.us.intellitxt.com daniweb.us.intellitxt.com dailygab.us.intellitxt.com
crmbuyer.us.intellitxt.com www.toon-families.com www.binarysystem4u.com
coxtv.us.intellitxt.com statistics.theonion.com counselheal.us.intellitxt.com
cooksrecipes.us.intellitxt.com gx-in-f109.1e100.net contactmusic.us.intellitxt.com
g3.us.intellitxt.com consumerreview.us.intellitxt.com comingsoon.us.intellitxt.com
cmp.us.intellitxt.com trekdata.com channelinsider.us.intellitxt.com
pebble-adhese.gva.be celebrity-gossip.us.intellitxt.com flonase.1.p2l.info
celebritysmackblog.us.intellitxt.com static.adsafeprotected.com
gcirm.press-citizen.com popuptraffic.com celebrity-babies.us.intellitxt.com
www2.multipops.com tracking.kurier.at googlenews.xorg.pl imstore.bet365affiliates.com
cdrom-guide.us.intellitxt.com cdrinfo.us.intellitxt.com plasmatvreward.com
cdreviews.us.intellitxt.com icanoptout.com canmag.us.intellitxt.com
oasc10.247realmedia.com buzzhumor.us.intellitxt.com bmvip.alimama.cn
extremetech.us.intellitxt.com hidden.gogoceleb.com widgetbucks.com
businessknowhow.us.intellitxt.com c3.openx.org bumpshack.us.intellitxt.com
brothersoft.us.intellitxt.com m8.sg.2mdn.net bricksandstonesgossip.us.intellitxt.com
bootdaily.us.intellitxt.com fe4-uk.imrworldwide.com dcs.mattel.com
boldride.us.intellitxt.com whatseek.com bleepingcomputer.us.intellitxt.com
bittenandbound.us.intellitxt.com 755-ct.c3tag.com spd.atdmt.com
betanews.us.intellitxt.com aximsite.us.intellitxt.com beliefnet.us.intellitxt.com
baselinemag.us.intellitxt.com balleralert.us.intellitxt.com sroomafp.allyes.com
jedonkey.cjt1.net backseatcuddler.us.intellitxt.com b5media.us.intellitxt.com
www.indesignstudioinfo.com aquasoft.us.intellitxt.com askmen.us.intellitxt.com
cdn.ip.inpwrd.com artistdirect.us.intellitxt.com appscout.us.intellitxt.com
blacksportsonline.us.intellitxt.com www.adversalservers.com graphics.nastydollars.com
antimusic.us.intellitxt.com answers.us.intellitxt.com gtmedia.us.intellitxt.com
androidcentral.us.intellitxt.com sstatic1.histats.com loadeu.exelator.com
exchangeclicksonline.com andpop.us.intellitxt.com americanmedia.us.intellitxt.com
allwomenstalk.us.intellitxt.com allrefer.us.intellitxt.com airline-ticket.gloses.net
ajc.us.intellitxt.com www.stamplive.com afterdawn.us.intellitxt.com
adsrv.worldvillage.com coalimpex.com impact.cossette-webpact.com
adwarereport.us.intellitxt.com activewin.us.intellitxt.com 10best.us.intellitxt.com
4w-wrestling.us.intellitxt.com yoc.mobi 24wrestling.us.intellitxt.com www.cityads.ru
2snaps.us.intellitxt.com 1up.us.intellitxt.com nextgenstats.com
worldtravelguide.uk.intellitxt.com windows7news.uk.intellitxt.com
vnunet.uk.intellitxt.com videojug.uk.intellitxt.com toolbar.startnow.com
tcmagazine.uk.intellitxt.com squarefootball.uk.intellitxt.com
sharecast.uk.intellitxt.com product-reviews.uk.intellitxt.com pcpro.uk.intellitxt.com
radarstats.com download32.us.intellitxt.com monstersandcritics.uk.intellitxt.com
mangler1.generals.ea.com mobilecomputermag.uk.intellitxt.com lse.uk.intellitxt.com
mediative.com x-phentermine.info itpro.uk.intellitxt.com hexus.uk.intellitxt.com
msnservices.112.2o7.net ms-mvp.org hellomagazine.uk.intellitxt.com
freedownloadmanager.uk.intellitxt.com footymad.uk.intellitxt.com
cavemancircus.us.intellitxt.com anti-virus-removal.info www.statsmachine.com
wdcs.trendmicro.com fhm.uk.intellitxt.com ferrago.uk.intellitxt.com
femalefirst.uk.intellitxt.com www.hai2u.com aps.media.adrevolver.com
ctix8.cheaptickets.com media-c.vpptechnologies.com efluxmedia.uk.intellitxt.com
digit-life.uk.intellitxt.com ivwboxe.de computing.uk.intellitxt.com adms.physorg.com
bink.uk.intellitxt.com clkmon.com dontwatch.us adv.freepornvs.com
microsoftwlmailmkt.112.2o7.net anorak.uk.intellitxt.com w3.am15.net
tomshardware.se.intellitxt.com rbmods.se.intellitxt.com community.adlandpro.com
traveller-offer.net www.rewardblvd.com compulenta.ru.intellitxt.com es.nedstat.net
t.wowanalytics.co.uk cnhidailyindependent.122.2o7.net techworld.nl.intellitxt.com
computeridee.nl.intellitxt.com adv.247realmedia.com clickserve.dartsearch.net
www.mshelp247.weebly.com presence-pc.fr.intellitxt.com
pc-infopratique.fr.intellitxt.com cache.adviva.net memoclic.fr.intellitxt.com
projectw.skimlinks.com movies.us.intellitxt.com us.n1.yimg.com
generation-nt.fr.intellitxt.com froggytest.fr.intellitxt.com
cowcotland.fr.intellitxt.com adplus.yonhapnews.co.kr womenshealth.de.intellitxt.com
winfuture.de.intellitxt.com tecchannel.de.intellitxt.com hexadl.line55.net
www1.firesavez6.com supportnet.de.intellitxt.com click.bounceads.net
softonic.de.intellitxt.com park.affiliation-int.com php-magnet.de.intellitxt.com
php-mag.de.intellitxt.com pcwelt.de.intellitxt.com news.de.intellitxt.com
adserving.autotrader.com httpool.com msmobiles.de.intellitxt.com
loady.de.intellitxt.com connectionzone.com www.roulettebotplus.com
no.adserver.yahoo.com www.windaily.com inquake.de.intellitxt.com
gulli.de.intellitxt.com gather.us.intellitxt.com ds-aksb-a.akamaihd.net
digital-world.de.intellitxt.com chip.de.intellitxt.com computer-offer.net
awardspace.de.intellitxt.com www60.valueclick.com goto.trafficmultiplier.com
ad-hoc-news.de.intellitxt.com de17a.com uk.intellitxt.com pixel.intellitxt.com
de.intellitxt.com intellitxt.com ads20.adcolony.com metrics.experts-exchange.com
www.xy7track.com www.leadtrackgo.com www.jmpads.com adserver-espnet.sportszone.net
tracking.gajmp.com www.dicarlotrack.com turdgasm.com cnad8.economicoutlook.net
server4.103092804.com qksrv.com junecleeland.com cdn.gumgum.com server2.103092804.com
1guy1cock.com server1.103092804.com beacon.lijit.com jgen18.cjt1.net
wireless.ign.us.intellitxt.com www.intnet-offer.com www.securitymetrics.com
webtrends1.britishgas.co.uk www.dadparty.com multipops.com sd.play.com ww62.hsn.com
triad.technorati.com rpt.footlocker.com sm6.sitemeter.com
advertising.embarcaderopublishing.com cmd.customink.com core.bluefly.com
context5.kanoodle.com www3.bloomingdales.com beacon.afy11.net ua5.hit.stat24.com
site.puritan.com w2.am15.net www.neptuneads.com c.maccosmetics.com img.linkstorm.net
www2.kiehls.com www9.swansonvitamins.com download2.marketengines.com
tracker.gtarcade.com www62.runningtimes.com d1.playboy.com www.ohiomm.com
analytics.harpercollins.com www62.prevention.com asg04.casalemedia.com
terra.fp.oix.net abtracker.adultbouncer.com www.c.thecounter.de adrotator.com
m3.br.2mdn.net servedbyadbutler.com t.mplxtms.com home.hit.stat.pl ivwvox.de
cdn.mplxtms.com www.qksrv.net track.childrensalon.com www.kqzyfj.com www.jdoqocy.com
www.ftjcfx.com hitboxbenchmarker.com www.anrdoezrs.net serving.xxxwebtraffic.com
www.intellitxt.com www.avenuea.com www.atlasdmt.com js5.clickzs.com oixssp-rubyem.net
webconnect.net ca.ientry.net www.webalize.net www.clicktracks.com matchcraft.com
tatsumi-sys.jp stats4.clicktracks.com stats1.clicktracks.com adimg.news.com
links-and-traffic.com web-counter.5u.com delivery.trafficbroker.com
quintadabigorna.com internet.marsmediachannels.com bottleguy.com
www2a.sitetracker.com pomeranian99.sitetracker.com jh.revolvermaps.com
www.topblogging.com statistics.s5.com adnetxchange.com hit-counter.5u.com
offermatica.com oasc06.247realmedia.com img.xnxx.com eegad.freeservers.com
joe.freelogs.com freestats.com hits.puls.lv www.advertyz.com free-stats.com
adsrv.dispatch.com www.xpays.com media7.popmarker.com ban.xpays.com relestar.com
www.peakclick.com z.abnad.net t.abnad.net b.abnad.net zr0.net vug.in
oasc14008.247realmedia.com adloyal.pl tr-af.com bhgkitchenbath.112.2o7.net
sympmsnglobalen.112.2o7.net femeedia.com ehho.com c.tw.msn.com www.leadxml.com
i.tfag.de error404.000webhost.com go.onclasrv.com err.000webhost.com
goodsblock.marketgid.com www.ncsreporting.com bet-at-home.com adaction.de
tracking.inuvo.com space.us.intellitxt.com images.mbuyu.nl boloz.com
www.privatamateure.com privatamateure.com www.cash4members.com ysiu.freenation.com
img.adzs.nl vip2.clickzzs.nl code.ad-gbn.com jsp.clickzzs.nl www.hotranks.com
openinternetexchange.net refinance.shengen.ru futurelooks.us.intellitxt.com
g.websponsors.com a.websponsors.com www.ivwboyx.de s.tribalfusion.com
cdn5.tribalfusion.com tribalfusion.com a3.suntimes.com mini.activeshopper.com
topdesktop.ezthemes.com ivwbvox.de thehdroom.us.intellitxt.com pub.hardware.fr
galtthemes.ezthemes.com tweaktown.us.intellitxt.com funskins.ezthemes.com
www.zoomovies.org zoomovies.org tags.deployads.com www.ivwbax.de petsmovies.com
pr.realvu.net beloysoff.ru standardsandpraiserepurpose.com www.top20free.com
tiads.timeinc.net wa.eonline.com sdc.ca.com regie.espace-plus.net
fast.fairfax.demdex.net cdn.matheranalytics.com commerce-rewardpath.com
health.msnbc.us.intellitxt.com widget.perfectmarket.com stat-counter.tass-online.ru
abc-ads.com ak.sail-horizon.com spike669.popunder.ru www.xiruz.kit.net
api.bizographics.com adres.internet.com adaptv.pixel.invitemedia.com promobenef.com
prime.nuggad.net rebellionmedia.rotator.hadj7.adjuggler.net reagroup.122.2o7.net
ientry.rotator.hadj1.adjuggler.net ruiyangcn.com park.above.com
forum.rotator.hadj7.adjuggler.net amc.rotator.hadj1.adjuggler.net
analytics.breakingnews.com www.adjuggler.com image.adjuggler.com fcc.adjuggler.com
stats2.glamour.com www.thomchotte.com landing.trafficz.com the-counter.net
media.trafficregenerator.com www.merryholidays.org www.trackzapper.com
www.searchmagna.com dvdhentai.net pulsix.com www.pc-test.net adn.entrecard.com
bunny-net.com ruemedia.adspirit.net www.blowadvertising.com www.xclicks.net
partners.visiads.com ontheflix.us.intellitxt.com www.top90.ro stat002.mylivepage.com
ybinst6.ec.yimg.com www.top1.ro www.silveragesoftware.com wad.adbasket.net
sonar.sociomantic.com silveragesoftware.com mightymagoo.com sayac.onlinewebstat.com
js3.clickzs.com ft.mvtracker.com admedias.net www.funklicks.com beacon.saymedia.com
producttestpanel.com beta.easyhitcounters.com aolsearch.122.2o7.net
www.commissionempire.com www.adultblogtoplist.com zz.cqcounter.com www.adultads.biz
adsystem.adbull.com sisco.hit.stat.pl x4.xclicks.net x3.xclicks.net x2.xclicks.net
eegde.adocean.pl www.websitealive3.com www.registrysweeper.com s26.cnzz.com
www.herbalsmokeshops.com www1.ad.tomshardware.com affiliate.friendsearch.com
ico.freelogs.com valtrex.7h.com www.pulsix.com goo.freelogs.com s09.flagcounter.com
famous-pics.com www.atomictime.net www.adultfriendsearch.com www.1trac.com
www.relmaxtop.com webads.tradeholding.com servedby.ipromote.com
linuxdevcenter.us.intellitxt.com www.xxxcounter.com acs.agent.56.com
metrics.finishline.com g.adspeed.net search.in www.traffic4u.com
analytics.percentmobile.com ccas.clearchannel.com ivwboxx.de www.swanksoft.com
sayhello.popunder.ru savings-specials.com 007.free-counter.co.uk
amygrindhouse.uk.intellitxt.com stats2.clicktracks.com 7vws1j1j.com w85.am15.net
hornytraffic.com inventory.overture.com www.theuseful.com advertwizard.com
thehollywoodgossip.us.intellitxt.com cdn.engine.adsupply.com wetteronl.ivwbox.de
adsclick.qq.com www.searchmachine.com holobumo.info ded.gostats.com
www.persianstat.com hit17.hotlog.ru foxtv.us.intellitxt.com adriver.ru mi.5.p2l.info
xyz.freeweblogger.com errorception.com www.imrworldwide.com.au brokertraffic.com
adsvert.com js.en.redtram.com ventivmedia.com adscampaign.net db1.sitestats.com
exits.adultcash.com monk.sitescoutadserver.com adreactor.com www.newclick.com
w-tres.info neumashop.cl count29.51yes.com redirectingat.com da.newstogram.com
data.flurry.com flurry.com microsoftwindowsmobile.122.2o7.net sears.demdex.net
24counter.com scrooge.channelcincinnati.com stardk.tradedoubler.com
d6.c5.b0.a2.top.mail.ru www.idealcasino.net adv.punto-informatico.it
designbloxlive.com active.cache.el-mundo.net tracker.tradedoubler.com
pf.tradedoubler.com aylarl.com ead-soft.popunder.ru tracking.novem.pl
impru.tradedoubler.com beta.hotkeys.com www.clicksor.com impno.tradedoubler.com
adf.ly implt.tradedoubler.com impit.tradedoubler.com impgb.tradedoubler.com
impfr.tradedoubler.com www101.coolsavings.com f.blogads.com beam.hlserve.com
impes.tradedoubler.com impde.tradedoubler.com ivwbaox.de
impch.tradedoubler.com pubimgs.sapo.pt filmdrunk.us.intellitxt.com
ringierro.adocean.pl kootil.com api.wundercounter.com sudokuwhiz.com
imp.tradedoubler.com img.tradedoubler.com rss.buysellads.com hstus.tradedoubler.com
www.linkexchange.ru gd.mlb.com hstfr.tradedoubler.com beta.easy-hit-counters.com
anetse.tradedoubler.com anetlt.tradedoubler.com anetit.tradedoubler.com logua.com
a37.korrelate.net c1.amazingcounters.com rig.idg.no noa.nuggad.net e2.emediate.se
screensavers.us.intellitxt.com eas4.emediate.eu wdads.sx.atl.publicus.com
tpads.sv.publicus.com dotsterdomaincom.112.2o7.net ptads.sv.publicus.com
crimg.sv.publicus.com advertisespace.com bbads.sv.publicus.com noads.no.publicus.com
referral.vod.topbucks.com t.zemanta.com adx.hendersonvillenews.com
com-cdiscount.netmng.com de.hosting.adjug.com www.herteldenpaylasim.org
www.sexmoney.com bannerrotation.sexmoney.com www.cybilling.com images.webads.it
mini.videostrip.com ping.onscroll.com ms.onscroll.com ivwbox6.de
primetime.ad.primetime.net www.pheedo.com regiepublicitairecpm.com
jutiagroup.us.intellitxt.com nationalledger.us.intellitxt.com
widgetd.technorati.com www.cydoor.com tracker.technorati.com paime.com
oceanup.us.intellitxt.com lohud.us.intellitxt.com gaytrafficbroker.com
fynskemedieradmin.adservinginternational.com dinsalgsvagt.adservinginternational.com
sdc.flysas.com harpo.122.2o7.net talsa.spring-tns.net ss7.zedo.com
adimages.carsoup.com smf.spring-tns.net p.admob.com proxy.ia3.marketscore.com
adstreams.org mtv3.spring-tns.net lehtimedia.spring-tns.net amateurdevils.com
delfi.spring-tns.net buduaar.spring-tns.net www.w3counter.com kt.tns-gallup.dk
mngiyhnat.112.2o7.net www.geotarget.info entertainment.msn.us.intellitxt.com
www.marketbill.com 2183.jsjmlejl.clickshield.net helpdesk.marketbill.com
click.interactivebrands.com blogadvertising.me tube8vidsjac.dnset.com
www.cashengines.com blisstree.us.intellitxt.com anad.tacoda.net insideha.ivwbox.de
www.ypmadserver.com payn.me tube8vidscjk.ddns.name ads2.brazzers.com
www5.bannerspace.com cialis-store.shengen.ru webstats.volvo.com
syndication.cntrafficpro.com st.pc.adonweb.ru tour.brazzers.com lp.ncdownloader.com
cdn1.tribalfusion.com cdmedia.rotator.hadj7.adjuggler.net
ecanadanow.us.intellitxt.com e-debtconsolidation.com www.weownthetraffic.com
www.adchimp.com w48.am15.net f5biz.com clicks3.traffictrader.net
filmforcedvd.ign.us.intellitxt.com monitoring.profi-webhosting.cz
celebritytoob.us.intellitxt.com redhotdirectory.com freechat.llil.de toplist.eu
www.toplist.cz toplist.cz scrippsrecipezaar.112.2o7.net s.sa.aol.com
cmads.us.publicus.com link.bannersystem.cz metrics.compactappliance.com ic.tynt.com
services.webspectator.com m8.jp.2mdn.net oasc05.247realmedia.com
test-script.dotmetrics.net trg.peer39.net quigo.com ctxt.tribalfusion.com
www.admedien.com b3.mookie1.com uarating.com 3ps.go.com www.iwantmy-freelaptop.com
www.laptoprewardszone.com analytics.r.msn.com dclk.haaretz.co.il
styleblazer.us.intellitxt.com ext.host-tracker.com guide2poker.com www.ivwbo9x.de
beacon.jumptime.com 4560.hittail.com www8.counter.bloke.com www.ournet-analytics.com
md.ournet-analytics.com dws.reporting.dnitv.com www.777tool.com tc.adlink.net
cnetaustralia.122.2o7.net openx.bmwpower-bg.net oasc09.247realmedia.com
snapfish.112.2o7.net media.bonnint.net 1empiredirect.com str.adinterax.com
vnu.eu-adcenter.net adv.magna.ru img.readme.ru collector.newsx.cc
www.free-hardcoresex.org engine.rbc.medialand.ru www3.haberturk.com host14.list.ru
host11.list.ru host3.list.ru stat.aport.ru reachjunction.com pub.clicksor.net
scripts.sophus3.com luksona.popunder.ru adobe.tt.omtrdc.net window1.com
www.vizury.com fortunecity.us.intellitxt.com metrics.lawyers.com
juggler.inetinteractive.com www.superfastsservers.com www.mytoplist.gen.tr
www.puush.in rmbn.ru srv.sayyac.net srv.sayyac.com www.mypagerank.net b3d.com
webcounter.com track.visitorpath.com
mycounter.tinycounter.com www.smartlog.ru download.netpumper.com t.medialytics.com
www3.game-advertising-online.com e24dp.tns-cs.net www.xyfex.com
www.blogpatrol.com www.autosurfpro.com
mlno6.com adserverus.info www.thesurfshield.com toon-families.com
www.registrydefenderplatinum.com my.mobfox.com adcz.hit.gemius.pl
rt.legolas-media.com general.visualdna-stats.com redbalcony.us.intellitxt.com
www.money4ads.com hitstatus.com openx.watchmygf.net nascardigitalsap.d2.sc.omtrdc.net
adstats.adviva.net adv.elaana.com referrer.disqus.com www4.clustrmaps.com
clustrmaps.com superherohype.us.intellitxt.com cn.clickable.net
ecommstats.s3.amazonaws.com sexyoung.us ccc01.opinionlab.com advisormedia.cz
servedby.studads.com www.sexyads.net dailystab.us.intellitxt.com
ox-d.bannersbroker.com nowina.info service.clicksvenue.com www.trafficpace.com
webstats.thaindian.com scripts.linkz.net www.i8vwbox.de eas1.emediate.eu
delfilt.adocean.pl i.simpli.fi ad4.netshelter.net kantarmedia.guardian.co.uk
djbanners.deadjournal.com ad2.netshelter.net widget6.linkwithin.com
s129js.histats.com jgen41.cjt1.net monster.gostats.ru c4.gostats.ru gostats.ru
www.popupad.net gostats.ro gostats.pl www.crowdgravity.com c3.gostats.ir
medya.e-kolay.net monster.gostats.com autoscout24.112.2o7.net hub.adlpartner.com
z1.zedo.com c4.gostats.com timefortune.112.2o7.net bannerserver.com leadboltads.net
c3.gostats.com us.2.cqcounter.com ac.ybinst1.ec.yimg.com gostats.com odin.goo.mx
serasaexperian.info as2.autoforums.com ping.qbaka.net www.freenew.net w87.am15.net
analytics.bigcommerce.com px.splittag.com slbbbcom.112.2o7.net installm.net wmost.com
feed.afy11.net cuiland.info ads1.cricbuzz.com fdff44.r.axf8.net aff.adventory.com
piwik.iriscorp.co.uk achetezfacile.com pix01.revsci.net taking-technology.com
h.verticalscope.com session.owneriq.net ad5.netshelter.net metrics.three.co.uk
eclkspbn.com eclkmpsa.com eclkmpbn.com mmc.122.2o7.net realtime.services.disqus.com
creoads.com hstde.tradedoubler.com register.screensaver.com d.chango.com
rotabanner468.utro.ru 05tz2e9.com stags.bluekai.com analytics.bluekai.com
pub.pgssl.com predictivesearch.com www.detroithardcore.com adr.adplus.co.id
726.stats.misstrends.com srvpub.com www.securepaths.com device.maxmind.com clkrev.com
radar.network.coull.com www.europerank.com tmz.us.intellitxt.com
insightxe.investors.com popunder-mladnet.medialand.ru flymedia-mladnet.medialand.ru
234.media.lbn.ru impixel.premiumonlinemedia.com www.100-100.ru
efashionsolutions.122.2o7.net britneyspears.1stok.com 100-100.ru vtgtrk.com
ad2.bannerhost.ru siemens.d1.sc.omtrdc.net www.spinbox.net netcomm.spinbox.net
ia.spinbox.net media.struq.com myap.liveperson.com marketing.nyi.net
www.sitemeter.com adx.darikweb.com s48.sitemeter.com s49.sitemeter.com
s47.sitemeter.com s46.sitemeter.com s43.sitemeter.com s42.sitemeter.com
hc2.humanclick.com 5starhiphop.us.intellitxt.com www.media2.travelzoo.com
s38.sitemeter.com scrippsdiy.112.2o7.net s37.sitemeter.com www.divx.it
s35.sitemeter.com s31.sitemeter.com imgg.dt00.net downloadz.us s28.sitemeter.com
s25.sitemeter.com content.adspynet.com newcarnet.uk.intellitxt.com s22.sitemeter.com
s17.sitemeter.com betaffs.com potenza.cz s15.sitemeter.com s10.sitemeter.com
perso.estat.com 888casino.com sm7.sitemeter.com d10.zedo.com sm3.sitemeter.com
sportscarillustrated.us.intellitxt.com sm1.sitemeter.com sitemeter.com
www.wmsonic.com bradpittnow.us.intellitxt.com xch.directrev.com www.adstogo.com
www.xtrafic.ro xpostmail.com www.didtheyreadit.com www.pubdirecte.com
s4.shinystat.com mpsnare.iesnare.com s1.shinystat.com ns1.updatesdns.org
s.mobclix.com codiceisp.shinystat.com chisi.hsb-vps.co.uk count47.51yes.com
codicefl.shinystat.com russiantwinksecrets.com codice.shinystat.com al1.sharethis.com
somethingawful.crwdcntrl.net www.universal-traffic.com pix.impdesk.com
gold.weborama.fr trackstatsnow.com www.liveadclicks.com intadserver103.info
imitrex.1.p2l.info pharmacy.hut1.ru ybinst9.ec.yimg.com adv.ecape.com
probes.cedexis.com bullseye.backbeatmedia.com adserver1-images.backbeatmedia.com
metrics.retailmenot.com www.blogadvertising.me dlvr.readserver.net
ads1.blogadvertising.me track-683.trafiz.net track.trafiz.net jumcna.cjt1.net
cpc.trafiz.net www.intelli-direct.com tracking.hostgator.com www.pawnauctions.net
deloo.de oxfam.intelli-direct.com wetrack.it intadserver101.info www.bnmq.com
da.2000888.com www.affiliatetracking.com www.bannerflux.com ecs.demdex.net
www.affiliatetracking.net beacon-4.newrelic.com beacon-3.newrelic.com ru-traffic.com
beacon-1.newrelic.com surveypass.com t2.trackalyzer.com my.iwon.com
t5.trackalyzer.com beacon.hookedmediagroup.com fhmonline.us.intellitxt.com
hookedmediagroup.com ignitad.com sftrack.searchforce.net www.boonsolutions.com
ggo.directrev.com www.incentivenetworks2.com spanids.thesaurus.com
www1.sedoparking.com www.sedoparking.com eldiariodeguadalajara.com logs.eresmas.com
img.sedoparking.com www.sedotracker.com sparknetworks.112.2o7.net thehomo.org
adng.ascii24.com promo.ulust.com serve.ads.chaturbate.com swr.ivwbox.de
promos.wegcash.com asians.join4free.com mjx.ads.nwsource.com join4free.com
astalavista.box.sk j.pioneeringad.com freeelectronicsonus.com tags.adonly.com
nm.xxxeuropean.com i3.putags.com 3957.hittail.com img.xratedbucks.com adserv.net
www.riskymail4free.com www.viagra-home.com in.riskymail4free.com
compnet.us.intellitxt.com content.yieldmanager.com in.joinourwebsite.com
cm.npc-nacutah.overture.com affiliates.bhphotovideo.com bar.baidu.com in.ff5.com
microsoftwllivemkt.112.2o7.net cttracking08.com n.admagnet.net adidm.supermedia.pl
www.cecash.com pubs.mgn.net cashcount.com www.adultlinksco.com in.11zz.com
i.11zz.com 11zz.com zeit.met.vgwort.de beads.sx.atl.publicus.com
www.belstat.com www.1adult.com c7.zedo.com www.meetic-partners.com amo.servik.com
partners.badongo.com internet-bb.tk topsites.blogflux.com pagepeels.sexmoney.com
careers.112.2o7.net www.kickassratios.com adw.sapo.pt helios.finn.no
webhit.aftenposten.no andpolice.com adcache.aftenposten.no www2.hitslink.com
profiles.hitslink.com hitslink.com buzzfoto.us.intellitxt.com specificpop.com
images.specificclick.net nx-adv.webadvertising.ch adv.webadvertising.ch cetrk.com
www.securecontactinfo.com pbid.pro-market.net bidsystem.adknowledge.com
onocollect.247realmedia.com www.scanspyware.net m.admedia.com
images-aud.freshmeat.net cm8.lycos.com ads10.gladen.bg rcm-it.amazon.it www.mvav.com
www9.addfreestats.com ad-up.com i4u.us.intellitxt.com ooen.oewabox.at
www6.addfreestats.com www4.addfreestats.com www3.addfreestats.com
imnotobsessed.us.intellitxt.com www2.addfreestats.com www.addfreestats.com
keys.dmtracker.com top.addfreestats.com x-road.co.kr buy-xanax.hut1.ru
addfreestats.com www.hobwelt.com www.targetvisit.com laurel.rovicorp.com cityads.ru
sichheit.ivwbox.de www.freeelectronicsdepot.com imagec11.247realmedia.com
viamtvukdev.112.2o7.net ad17.bannerbank.ru ad15.bannerbank.ru ad14.bannerbank.ru
ad12.bannerbank.ru ad6.bannerbank.ru 12877.hittail.com ad5.bannerbank.ru
secure3.marketengines.com adx.theledger.com mde.ubid.com www.naughty-traffic.com
gurde.tourstogo.us linkshighway.com xads.100links.com scrooge.thedenverchannel.com
static.trafficjunky.net affiliate.free-banners.com ced.sascdn.com www.etahub.com
as5000.com pcgamer.uk.intellitxt.com
nytrhendersonville.112.2o7.net adsearch.adkontekst.pl adserver2.exgfnetwork.com
aff.adsurve.com a.submityourflicks.com relevanz10.de s9.shinystat.com
www.sexy-screen-savers.com sexlist.com promo.worldprofitcenter.com gredinatib.org
www.ivwboxo.de adlink.worldprofitcenter.com sb.monetate.net www.totemcash.com
st.top100.ru delivery.hornyspots.com top100-images.rambler.ru a1.mediagra.com
oas-fr.video.on.nytimes.com www.whitesports.co.kr windowsitpro.us.intellitxt.com
tools.naughtyamerica.com delivery.sid-ads.com redirect.click2net.com
analytics.radiatemedia.com m8.pl.2mdn.net thecarconnection.us.intellitxt.com
www.theaffiliateprogram.com adflight.com www.path-tracker.com
static.linkz.net alladvantage.com www.grouphappy.com vads.adbrite.com
hstgb.tradedoubler.com www.adbonus.com ankieta-online.pl metering.pagesuite.com
63mx.com www.inskinad.com httpoolsr.nuggad.net pool.sanoma.adhese.com
pool.nrc.adhese.com webhosting-ads.home.pl fpctraffic.com pool.adhsm.adhese.com
panzertraffic.com www.chelick.net gannett.gcion.com err.agava.ru b.sli-spark.com
t.ads.pof.com livetrck.com www.dia-traffic.com firetrck.com admanagement.ch
centertrk.com www.trackingindahouse.com www.webclients.net www.adwareprofessional.com
direct-xxx-access.com yuppads.com stack7.collect.igodigital.com secure.w3track.com
m2.no.2mdn.net www.text-link-ads.com incoctel.cl clk.madisonlogic.com ism2trk.com
daimlerag.122.2o7.net gd.geobytes.com f5mtrack.com www.rtcode.com
track.dmipartners.com byubroadcast.112.2o7.net www.contextuads.com
members.commissionmonster.com www.performics.com search.spotxchange.com
www.cpalead.com eharmony.us.intellitxt.com webmasters.hugetraffic.com
nettno.nuggad.net imgg.mgid.com www.getnoadware.com trk.wonderfullinks.info
secure.wonderfullinks.info sdc.mako.co.il www.sexinyourcity.com winter.metacafe.com
www.gxplugin.com www.full-edition.info loadus.exelator.com bigapple.contextuads.com
delivery.3rdads.com clickgooroo.com www.adfusion.com stat.webmedia.pl
seomatrix.webtrackingservices.com server3.web-stat.com brightcove.112.2o7.net
www.downloadupload.com m.usersonline.com m3.be.2mdn.net web-stat.com
www.countercentral.com count1.compteur.fr www.123stat.com service.persianstat.com
www.123count.com q1mediahydraplatform.com www.advertsponsor.com me.5.p2l.info
trustedtrack.com openads.dimcab.com protection.azpolice.com www.family-offer.com
www.trkr1.com track.webgains.com adinterax.com lfscpttracking.com www.ycctrk.co.uk
www.fusestats.com www.salesonline.ie bcanalytics.bigcommerce.com n.ad-back.net
netadsrv.iworld.com www.smartlinks.dianomi.com server2.web-stat.com lb.web-stat.com
tsmtrk.com ahtrk.com timehealth.112.2o7.net tools.ranker.com adsformula.sitescout.com
h.admob.com mediapst-images.adbureau.net onlinebestoffers.net sharebar.addthiscdn.com
immanalytics.com cpatraffictracker.com mlbam.112.2o7.net winknewsads.com
px.steelhousemedia.com adx.ibibo.com adsrv.ea.com trackingsoft.com
thesearchagency.net 994119.r.axf8.net log.olark.com api.mixpanel.com
api.adsnative.com s11.histats.com proxy.sj3.marketscore.com admarket.entireweb.com
interyield.jmp9.com secure-nz.imrworldwide.com tracking.chooserocket.com
www.komodia.com adv.arubamediamarketing.it adtools2.amakings.com hzs10.cnzz.com
c4tracking01.com clk.relestar.com rd.clickshift.com c.uk.msn.com
servedby.adcombination.com realitatero.adocean.pl www.clickboothlnk.com
aolcareers.122.2o7.net hu.2.cqcounter.com campaign.iitech.dk an.secure.tacoda.net
csma95349.analytics.edgesuite.net cookies.cmpnet.com www.affiliatefuel.com
coedmagazine.us.intellitxt.com r1.affiliatefuel.com ivwbuox.de
search.effectivebrand.com www.effectivebrand.com geoip.nj.com www.conduit-banners.com
gpaper195.112.2o7.net www.clickcash.com apps.conduit-banners.com sm4.sitemeter.com
tiads.people.com t.omkt.co www.counter.bloke.com cache.dtmpub.com dev.adforum.com
cdn.ads.ookla.com sifomedia.citypaketet.se ak1.abmr.net jgen6.cjt1.net
oasis.zmh.zope.net soma.3xforum.ro get.whitesmoke.com oz.valueclick.ne.jp
vizisense.net segapi.quantserve.com online-personal.petrovka.info t.mookie1.com
gntbcstksdk.112.2o7.net u6905.71.spylog.com secure.quantserve.com
pixel.quantserve.com edge.quantserve.com gyros.es quantserve.com static.exaccess.ru
w.p.mybuys.com mprptrk.com clicks.searchconscious.com www.mlinktracker.com
buyhitscheap.com www.killercash.com chlcotrk.com te.journalnow.com
www.incentaclick.com d1qqddufal4d58.cloudfront.net geo.deepmetrix.com www.v-links.net
tamprc.com cdn1.ads.mofos.com online1.webcams.com searchdiscovered.com www.ivwbox.de
ivwbokx.de www.searchacross.com bizban.net hypertracker.com www.maxxxhits.com
rubi4edit.com 404.hqhost.net marketing.doubleclickindustries.com m5.dk.2mdn.net
www.topblogs.com.ph bankrate.112.2o7.net webmaster.topbucks.com vod.topbucks.com
jrcom.112.2o7.net referral.topbucks.com rainbow.topbucks.com www.tubehits.com
schoorsteen.geenstijl.nl cluster-03.topbucks.com m8.dk.2mdn.net tour.affbuzzads.com
ox-i.zenoviagroup.com clickheat.topbucks.com msnportalbeetoffice2007.112.2o7.net
botw.topbucks.com image.cecash.com metrics.kgw.com truehits.net avalon.topbucks.com
www.trafficads.com outils.yes-messenger.com overstockcom.112.2o7.net
media.yesmessenger.com pub.sv2.biz cdn1.clkads.com monitor.phorm.com ktu.sv2.biz
carpediem.sv2.biz statsv3.gaycash.com exchange.bg smartbase.cdnservices.com
track.pointroll.com clk.pointroll.com a.shop.com ev.ads.pointroll.com
img6.adspirit.de www.klamm-counter.de truevalue.d2.sc.omtrdc.net 234.adru.net
20-yrs-1.info www.counter4all.de evania.adspirit.de www.focalex.com
js.v1.de.euserv.revenue.adaos-ads.net img.v1.de.euban.adaos-ads.net
click.v1.de.euserv.gam.adaos-ads.net ads1.udc.advance.net www.webanalyser.net
www.hitmaster.de eu-sonar.sociomantic.com a.mouseflow.com mouseflow.com
cookie.monster.com s01-delivery.addynamo.net tagging.outrider.com
ads02.hyperbanner.net www.zlothonline.info ad2.ycasmd.info
bbcdn.go.adlt.bbelements.com clicktrack.wnu.com code2.adtlgc.com bid.openx.net
mamamia.au.intellitxt.com lshlcollect.247realmedia.com ox.forexbrokerz.com
realmedia.lesechos.fr www.whitesmoke.us pubs.lemonde.fr l4.zedo.com
www.readnotify.com www.platinumbucks.com il.5.p2l.info topcounts.com cash4banner.de
cdns.amgdgt.com at.amgdgt.com images.ultsearch.com ae.amgdgt.com search.clicksor.com
delightful.112.2o7.net u7748.16.spylog.com www.hit-counter-download.com hai2u.com
www.7cnbcnews.com coriolis.accuweather.com admanager.tvysoftware.com eas2.emediate.eu
pop-under.ru obozua.adocean.pl ban.erovideo.ru wera.popunder.ru vistas.popunder.ru
vaime.net.popunder.ru m7.de.2mdn.net the-kret.popunder.ru files.adbrite.com
tengo.popunder.ru ivwbix.de soski.popunder.ru
palmebi.popunder.ru h0rnd0g.popunder.ru freegroupvideo.popunder.ru
cbstelevisiondistribution.112.2o7.net clik2008.popunder.ru
internetretailer.d2.sc.omtrdc.net topsocialite.us.intellitxt.com
w4988.nb.host127-0-0-1.com basterr.popunder.ru stats2.radiocompanion.com g.adnxs.com
p4010.adskape.ru p1574.adskape.ru www.mycleanerpc.com www.adloader.com
xml.nbcsearch.com w79.am15.net ww-eu.steelhousemedia.com top100italiana.com
geo.safelinktracker.com www.adireland.com dctracking.com timespent.eyereturn.com
rma-api.gravity.com match.xg4ken.com my-reward-channel.com o2.eyereturn.com
eyereact.eyereturn.com v0.extreme-dm.com www.pdf-platinum.info bb.o2.eyereturn.com
www.ab4tn.com ameritradeamerivest.112.2o7.net sin1.g.adnxs.com
members.sexroulette.com adwords2.paretologic.revenuewire.net purefuck.com
rate.opinionlab.com nellyticket.beast-space.com www.favicon.com www.xed.pl
hit27.hotlog.ru xanax.ourtablets.com 2girls1cup.nl ocworkbench.us.intellitxt.com
www.albiondrugs.com o.adgear.com img.bet-at-home.com clicks.toteme.com
pagespeed.report.qq.com d.adgear.com gpaper197.112.2o7.net www.mb57.com
lucidmedia.com delivery.c.switchadhub.com delivery.myswitchads.com
geo.crtracklink.com us.v1.yimg.com bdgadv.ru www.silvercash.com connexionsafe.com
delivery.serve.bluelinkmarketing.com openads.hiphopsite.com hitmodel.net
www.precisioncounter.com impressionperformance.biz archive.coolerads.com
metrics.delta.com mx.adserver.yahoo.com valf.atm.youku.com ezthemes.ezthemes.com
b100.takru.com ad001.ru d6y5.ads.pof.com map.media6degrees.com log.idg.no
click.icetraffic.com ivwbxo.de euro-linkindex.de www.cpalist.com webpaypal.com
ijvwbox.de www.countmypage.com valiumvalium.3xforum.ro hiphoplead.us.intellitxt.com
match.adsrvr.org ab163949.adbutler-kaon.com www.mcsqd.com srv.buysellads.com
www.hentaipop.com www.hentaihits.com www.trafficcashgold.com us.l1.yimg.com
www.hentaicashmachine.com weblogger.visilabs.com bank16.ads.mp.mydas.mobi
bank15.ads.mp.mydas.mobi bank13.ads.mp.mydas.mobi elv3-tslogging.touchcommerce.com
bank07.ads.mp.mydas.mobi analytics.sanoma.fi onlamp.us.intellitxt.com
images.trafficmp.com buy-hydrocodone.aca.ru bank05.ads.mp.mydas.mobi
bank04.ads.mp.mydas.mobi go.aceadsys.net track.blogcounter.de
bank03.ads.mp.mydas.mobi sdc.plannedparenthood.org 32d1d3b9c.se
bank19.ads.dt.mydas.mobi bank18.ads.dt.mydas.mobi bank13.ads.dt.mydas.mobi
advertisers.federatedmedia.net urlcash.net bank10.ads.dt.mydas.mobi
bank03.ads.dt.mydas.mobi je.revolvermaps.com fgawegwr.chez.com pr-star.de
js11.clickzzs.nl rhads.sv.publicus.com androidsdk.ads.mp.mydas.mobi pixel.adbuyer.com
nickleplatedads.com cashfiesta.com as1.mistupid.com tracking.aimediagroup.com
btprmnav.com www.adultmoda.com server-fi.imrworldwide.com
clicks.eutopia.traffictrader.net it.erosadv.com www.pointclicktrack.com
adextensioncontrol.tudou.com pixel.sitescout.com return.uk.domainnamesales.com
www.traveladvertising.com www.ballsack.org givwbox.de cache.specificmedia.com
tubemogul.com bannershotlink.perfectgonzo.com tas.orangeads.fr db7.net-filter.com
images.ads.fairfax.com.au spytrack.tic.ru static.meteorsolutions.com www.nelsongod.ca
crtv.mate1.com cache.izearanks.com images.ddc.com s.ad122m.com cm.cmt.overture.com
s.clicktale.net ox-d.heaventme.com c1.zedo.com toptechreviews.us.intellitxt.com
cnad5.economicoutlook.net rkcache.brandreachsys.com media.baventures.com
c1.teaser-goods.ru cdn.amgdgt.com adbard.net cache.adm.cnzz.net www.xstat.pl
tracking.wisepops.com www.pro.webstat.pl bank17.ads.mp.mydas.mobi www.toptracker.ru
aperture.displaymarketplace.com webwereld.nl.intellitxt.com
fr.slidein.clickintext.net ewsmemphis.112.2o7.net adv.440network.com
factiva.122.2o7.net cigape.net healthbeautyncs.com track.ionicmedia.com
zlothonline.info fr.1sponsor.com tracker.squidanalytics.com
intelcorperror.112.2o7.net www.noowho.com geoloc14.geovisite.com clickmeter.com
overblog.ezakus.net pub.oxado.com observare.de 3wregie.ezakus.net ad2.bannerbank.ru
apicit.net server1.affiz.net selfpwn.org i.zugo.com www.alenty.com
counter38.bravenet.com js.alenty.com scrooge.thekansascitychannel.com www.x-park.net
fo-api.omnitagjs.com static.adbutter.net tracking.veille-referencement.com
geoloc2.geovisite.com ptreklamssp.com.tr img.jizzads.com www.adverteasy.fr
adping.qq.com fwg0b0sfig.s.ad6media.fr c.ad6media.fr atwola.com xed.pl
logos.x-traceur.com a20.x-traceur.com partygaming.122.2o7.net gcir.gannett-tv.com
show-msgch.qq.com a12.x-traceur.com ptreklamssp.com a1.x-traceur.com
creative.nscash.com www.netpaloffers.net metriweb.be www.adultdatelink.com
pixel.yola.com gcirm2.indystar.com spcode.baidu.com www.radiate.com
static.canalstat.com find-me-now.com choicedealz.com www.yidsense.com
www2.yidsense.com dcs.netbiscuits.net freshcpm.eu tumi.112.2o7.net jersey-offer.com
gigwise.us.intellitxt.com db0.net-filter.com free-counter.5u.com aolgam.122.2o7.net
lb.fruitflan.com aff.tagcdn.com geoweb.e-kolay.net htm.freelogs.com
www.efficienttraffic.com www.my-rewardsvault.com creativecdn.com green.erne.co
cyclops.prod.untd.com www.sedotracker.de staticd.cdn.industrybrains.com ecdtrk.com
dsnetservices.com admatcher.videostrip.com buyfioricet.findmenow.info
images.domainsponsor.com advert.gittigidiyor.com 71i.nuggad.net 100065.hittail.com
suncom.112.2o7.net 99400.hittail.com 73091.hittail.com te.greenwichtime.com
34673.hittail.com 4c28d6.r.axf8.net mangler6.generals.ea.com 31870.hittail.com
31335.hittail.com 30001.hittail.com www.searchmeup.com 24725.hittail.com
sync.richmetrics.com ads4.udc.advance.net img.dt00.net 23315.hittail.com drumcash.com
22537.hittail.com 21807.hittail.com analytics.usdm.net
admediator.unityads.unity3d.com 20909.hittail.com 19500.hittail.com 15141.hittail.com
14228.hittail.com rankchamp.de www.easyspywarescanner.com
nttcommunications.122.2o7.net cbscom.112.2o7.net 13223.hittail.com 9446.hittail.com
parade.122.2o7.net 9394.hittail.com adv.bookclubservices.ca servedby.integraclick.com
4612.hittail.com ads12.hyperbanner.net secure.webconnect.net 3415.hittail.com
3241.hittail.com beacon-2.newrelic.com 30811.hittail.com www.webstat.com
www.avnads.com ox-d.zam.com mt35.mtree.com mudmonster.org scripts.verticalacuity.com
by.uservoice.com ox-d.whalerockengineering.com hu.search.etargetnet.com
www.blog-hits.com ad2.nationalreview.com ox-d.w00tmedia.net www.adtiger.de
ox-d.viralnova.com addelivery.thestreet.com newlaunches.uk.intellitxt.com
tracking.hittail.com ox-d.ranker.servedbyopenx.com adtgs.com
ui.ppjol.com www.clear-request.com ox-d.leessp.servedbyopenx.com bs.israelinfo.ru
carisoprodol.ourtablets.com ox-d.mediavine.servedbyopenx.com 3ivwbox.de
ox-d.sbnation.com www.marcilly-le-chatel.fr dhauzja511.co.cc www.bulkclicks.com
ox-d.restaurant.com directtrack.com ox-d.rantsports.com js.ad.mediamond.it
www.ivwboxl.de ax-d.pixfuture.net unathleticmag.us.intellitxt.com
d.peoplesearchads.com upswings.net www.budsinc.com is.spring-tns.net
sview.avenuea.com us-u.openx.net u.openx.net ox-d.motogp.com www.mnetads.com
ox-d.mmaadnet.com ox-d.makerstudios.com ox-d.lycos.com nrg.checkm8.com
pool-colruytgroup.adhese.com feeds.videosz.com pool.pebblemedia.adhese.com
adx.starbanner.com petitepanda.net code.d-agency.net truehits3.gits.net.th
itwititer.com s42.cpmaffiliation.com vault9.us.intellitxt.com ads-cpm.com
admediacpm.com pussygreen.com ws.yellowpages.ca advertpro.ya.com a.vonage.com
stats0.one.ru a.pcpro.co.uk trustgauge.com www.scoreadate.com a.networkworld.com
secure.winhundred.com in.cybererotica.com a.modernmedicine.com a.macuser.co.uk
www24.glam.com h.hollywood.com a.heretv.com clix.superclix.de tracking.foxnews.com
f2communitynews.112.2o7.net m1.uk.2mdn.net a.fandango.com iwon.us.intellitxt.com
a.evo.co.uk server14.opentracker.net jujitsu-ostrava.info b.digitalartsonline.co.uk
analytics.theknot.com a.autoexpress.co.uk gssoftech.com adstream.cardboardfish.com
mbox6.offermatica.com rta.criteo.com rentcom.tt.omtrdc.net adindex.villagevoice.com
dellinc.tt.omtrdc.net okmagazine.us.intellitxt.com educationmanagementl.tt.omtrdc.net
comcast.tt.omtrdc.net free.content.streamray.com carbonite.tt.omtrdc.net
u0.extreme-dm.com pepelacer.memeletrica.com dev.doublepimp.com adcenter.net
angieslist.tt.omtrdc.net americaneagleoutfitt.tt.omtrdc.net mbox9e.offermatica.com
datingadvertising.com mbox9.offermatica.com mbox3.offermatica.com
metrics.iconfitness.com track.www.zazzle.com a.pokerplayermagazine.co.uk
metric.yellowpages.com rmedia.boston.com smetrics.yellowbook.com c1926.ic-live.com
adview.pl hivwbox.de s.xbox.com buyfioricetonline.7h.com metrics.worldmarket.com
admarvel.s3.amazonaws.com metric.worldcat.org metrics.winsupersite.com
metrics.windowsitpro.com metrics.which.co.uk std.o.webmd.com wa.and.co.uk
statistics.dynamicsitestats.com www.merlin.co.il sc.vmware.com
i-hacked.us.intellitxt.com hit26.hotlog.ru metrics.uol.com.br
pennwellcorp.112.2o7.net ad1.bannerbank.ru diazepam.ourtablets.com
metrics.tvguide.com answerbag.us.intellitxt.com s.svtrd.com livrariaonline.net
www.catalinkcashback.com metric.trulia.com www.trafsearchonline.com om.truecar.com
metrics.toysrus.com adderallxr.freespaces.com hits.theguardian.com metrics.tgw.com
update.51edm.net metrics.syracuse.com buy-adipex-cheap-adipex-online.com
www.free-counter.com om.symantec.com www.adscampaign.com metrics.svd.se
metric.superpages.com adv.protraffic.com 1und1internetag.d3.sc.omtrdc.net
promotion-campaigns.com metrics.sun.com clickboothlnk.com omniture.stuff.co.nz
0stats.com metrics.southwest.com metrics.sony.com aceshowbiz.us.intellitxt.com
m6.uk.2mdn.net metrics.sportsauthority.com xbs.mtree.com utm.popularscreensavers.com
orders.webpower.com adve.net metrics.speedousa.com adv.publy.net metrics.slate.com
metrics.silive.com metrics.shoedazzle.com ou.shutterfly.com
anetdk.tradedoubler.com metrics.seenon.com om.rogersmedia.com www.infinite-ads.com
metrics.ralphlauren.com cpanel.nativeads.com metrics.us.playstation.com
bb.connextra.com metrics.philly.com host13.list.ru geoloc17.geovisite.com
metrics.petsmart.com metrics.pennlive.com metrics.parents.com
rickey.us.intellitxt.com bank05.ads.dt.mydas.mobi metrics.pagoda.com
metrics.oregonlive.com o.opentable.com r1.zedo.com www.t-analytics.com
om.onlineshoes.com metrics.nola.com metrics2.nokia.com metrics.nfl.com
www.bestrxpills.com oimg.nbcuni.com www.ivwvbox.de dt.adsafeprotected.com
brighthouse.122.2o7.net metrics.mysanantonio.com metrics.more.com metrics.mlive.com
an.mlb.com metrics.mercola.com api.access-mc.com tracking.medpagetoday.com
nht-3.extreme-dm.com d31qbv1cthcecs.cloudfront.net metric.marthastewart.com
analytics.mail-corp.com om.lonelyplanet.com ads2.realcities.com
entertainment-rewardpath.com freeipodnanouk.co.uk www.adimages.beeb.com
analytics.clickpathmedia.com metrics.lhj.com metrics.us.levi.com
metrics.lehighvalleylive.com bet-online.petrovka.info metrics.kbb.com
my.iheartradio.com ilbanner.com metrics.hrblock.com metrics.howstuffworks.com
bannerlink.xxxtreams.com metrics.hoovers.com adx.allstar.cz juicyads.com
c.pioneeringad.com buy-valium.hut1.ru omt.honda.com surebaby.us.intellitxt.com
27460.hittail.com mixmarket.biz c.webwise.org metrics.hhgregg.com
minerva.healthcentral.com analytics.hayneedle.com metrics.harley-davidson.com
clickcash.webpower.com hstpl.tradedoubler.com engine.awaps.net timebus2.112.2o7.net
metrics.govexec.com adtrack.voicestar.com stats2.golfdigest.com
marksandspencer.122.2o7.net makeushot.us.intellitxt.com stats2.gq.com
canadaalltax.com metrics.gcimetrics.com metrics.gamestop.com spinbox.maccentral.com
www.rightmedia.net m2.it.2mdn.net toi.ivwbox.de metrics.foxnews.com
buypaxilonline.7h.com www.webtrends.net www.crediblegfj.info buylevitra.3xforum.ro
coolinc.info metrics.fedex.com www.cellphoneupdated.com o.fandango.com
foxnews.us.intellitxt.com westlifego.com tpl1.realtracker.com imadworks.rediff.com
metrics.ems.com metrics.dunkindonuts.com metrics.dollargeneral.com metrics.diy.com
metrics.dentonrc.com api.affinesystems.com cdnt.meteorsolutions.com
www.anastasiasaffiliate.com dev.trafficforce.com nsm.dell.com metrics.dallasnews.com
metrics.dailystrength.org turn.com metrics.dailymotion.com www7.bannerspace.com
pub.club-internet.fr metrics.ctv.ca db6.sitestats.com omni.csc.com fashion-tube.be
metrics.crystalcruises.com om.craftsman.com omn.crackle.com lstats.qip.ru
www.speedyclick.com adx.starnewsonline.com of.inviziads.com metrics.corus.ca
metrics.cnn.com metrics.chron.com adpulse.ads.targetnet.com www.jiztini.com
rr4.xxxcounter.com beseenad.looksmart.com b.collective-media.net ebdr2.com
ingameads.gameloft.com metrics.chacha.com metrics.centex.com postimees.spring-tns.net
as2.advfn.com resources.eyereturn.com metrics.carbonite.com metrics.caranddriver.com
ad3.bannerbank.ru gpaper212.112.2o7.net om.businessweek.com metrics.boston.com
metrics.bloomberg.com vs.blackplanet.com dl.ezthemes.com survey.nuggad.net
www.acezsoftware.com metrics.bet.com itfarm.com metrics.bestbuy.com
feed.searchanyway.com metrics.beachbody.com metrics.babycenter.com navdmp.com
videoegg.com metrics.automobilemag.com ro.adocean.pl metrics.autobytel.com
www.contextualadv.com vs.asianave.com stats2.arstechnica.com
omniture.artinstitutes.edu exgfsbucks.com jgen3.cjt1.net metrics.ariba.com
metrics.apartmentfinder.com a.americanidol.com metrics.americancityandcounty.com
extreme-dm.com b.alot.com stats2.allure.com analytic.ae.com
shallownation.us.intellitxt.com nytimesnoonsampled.112.2o7.net
celebrityodor.us.intellitxt.com www.touchclarity.com distancer.sexsty.com
ziffdavispennyarcade.112.2o7.net ziffdavisfilefront.112.2o7.net
ziffdavisenterpriseglobal.112.2o7.net zdau-builder.122.2o7.net yrkdsp.112.2o7.net
andr.net pagead.topobiavi.com yellcom.122.2o7.net beacon.ehow.com yamaha.122.2o7.net
xhealthmobiltools.112.2o7.net randyandjeri.com xhealth.112.2o7.net s4is.histats.com
www.ultimatecounter.com wwecorp2.112.2o7.net refer102.outster.com
wweconsumer.112.2o7.net d11.zedo.com wwatchcomusa.112.2o7.net
wpnipostcomjobs.112.2o7.net wpni.112.2o7.net wlaptoplogic.122.2o7.net www.htmate2.com
html.overture.com wissende.122.2o7.net tas2.toboads.si images.v3.com
winecom.112.2o7.net taletela.us.intellitxt.com webroot.112.2o7.net
websitepagerank.net wcastrprod.122.2o7.net tracking.1betternetwork.com
www.trendsonline.mobi wbnews.112.2o7.net bugera.popunder.ru viamtvromania.112.2o7.net
warnerbrothersrecords.112.2o7.net walmart.112.2o7.net spns.seriousads.net
viavh1video.112.2o7.net dlmag.us.intellitxt.com www.givwbox.de
viavh1scandalist.112.2o7.net viamtvuk.112.2o7.net www.iranwebads.com
vintacom.112.2o7.net gm.preferences.com viay2m.112.2o7.net viavh1com.112.2o7.net
viaukplayer.112.2o7.net viaquiz.112.2o7.net ivwobx.de vianewnownext.112.2o7.net
viamtvtr3s.112.2o7.net www.daspar.net viamtv.112.2o7.net keywordmax.com
asg06.casalemedia.com telefonica.es.intellitxt.com pultheworldlink.112.2o7.net
viaspike.112.2o7.net vianickde.112.2o7.net viamtvtr.112.2o7.net
viagametrailers.112.2o7.net viacomedycentral.112.2o7.net a.advanstar.com
www.liqwid.net viaatom.112.2o7.net tangomedia.112.2o7.net
verisignwildcard.112.2o7.net advert.istanbul.net thefreesitez.com
tbsveryfunnyads.112.2o7.net registrydefender.com ussearch.122.2o7.net
usnews.122.2o7.net usdm.122.2o7.net upi.112.2o7.net vitals.tracking.mdxdata.com
fupload.org js.geoads.com ops.investopedia.com mpxxtrk.com ads3.kompasads.com
uolnetzeronet2.112.2o7.net turnersports.112.2o7.net travidia.112.2o7.net
coxhsi.112.2o7.net www.404errorpage.com trane-ir-corp-ingersollrand.112.2o7.net
edge.ayboll.com mm.chitika.net celebridiot.us.intellitxt.com trailblazers.122.2o7.net
torstardigital.122.2o7.net www.adrotator.com tomsshoes.122.2o7.net best-search.cc
tmstoyota.112.2o7.net tgn.122.2o7.net stat004.mylivepage.com tags.bluekai.com
tirerackcom.112.2o7.net analytics.query.yahoo.com protection.idpolice.com
timeteenpeople.122.2o7.net gm.demdex.net pvpub.paruvendu.fr
timespctenbest.122.2o7.net fr.64.clickintext.net timepespanol.122.2o7.net wp.vizu.com
www.business-rewardpath.com timepeople.122.2o7.net mpmotrk.com
timeoutcommunications.122.2o7.net adtools.matrix-cash.com oascentralnx.comcast.net
timelife.122.2o7.net medindia.us.intellitxt.com c.oix.com musicmembersarea.com
m.2mdn.net timeew.122.2o7.net timehealthtips.122.2o7.net timecom.112.2o7.net
top.dating.lt count32.51yes.com xxyyzz.youcanoptout.com thome.112.2o7.net
gcirm.dmp.gcion.com thestardev.122.2o7.net thelibraryofcongress.122.2o7.net
thegroup.112.2o7.net thedailystarcom.112.2o7.net thayhiltonlongisland.112.2o7.net
ad-souk.com buy-adipex.hut1.ru 26288.hittail.com new-vid-zone-1.blogspot.com.au
tescostores.122.2o7.net s68.cnzz.com www.topmeds10.com
tele2nl.112.2o7.net analytics.sonymusic.com tel3adv.112.2o7.net freeipoduk.com
ss1.zedo.com swsoft.122.2o7.net www.surplus-suppliers.com svd.112.2o7.net
realcastmedia.com surfline.112.2o7.net comcastresidentialservices.tt.omtrdc.net
cdn.demdex.net superpages.122.2o7.net vpon.com www.yourlustmedia.com
stubhub.122.2o7.net stpetersburgtimes.122.2o7.net nl4.hit.stat24.com
sportingnews.122.2o7.net c.latam.msn.com ordie.adbureau.net webtrackerplus.com
spencergifts.112.2o7.net spamfighter.112.2o7.net aolwpnswhatsnew.112.2o7.net
topads.rrstar.com sonyscei.112.2o7.net softonic.112.2o7.net smart.besonders.ru
smwww.112.2o7.net www.mvtracker.com stat.synergy-e.com smokinggun.122.2o7.net
sltravelcom.112.2o7.net ss2.zedo.com aff.summercart.com skyauction.122.2o7.net
shopping.112.2o7.net myfamilyancestry.112.2o7.net omnikool.discovery.com
www69.findhere.org schaeffers.112.2o7.net sevenoneintermedia.112.2o7.net
corm.hit.gemius.pl pro-networks.us.intellitxt.com nmcommancomedia.112.2o7.net
sento.122.2o7.net searscom.112.2o7.net www.hornytraffic.com
scrippshgtvpro.112.2o7.net mfr.247realmedia.com scrippshgtv.112.2o7.net
scrippsgac.112.2o7.net macwelt.de.intellitxt.com bde3d.com bttrack.com
scrippsfoodnet.112.2o7.net objects.tremormedia.com scrippsfineliving.112.2o7.net
scottrade.112.2o7.net 999fitness.com sciamcom.112.2o7.net
ipcmarieclaireprod.122.2o7.net microticker.com sbsblukgov.112.2o7.net
murbil.hostei.com partner.finditquick.com saxotechtylerpaper.122.2o7.net
pop6.adultfriendfinder.com saxosumteritem.122.2o7.net vip1.tw.adserver.yahoo.com
phentermine-online.petrovka.info pool-nrc.adhese.com
saxopeninsuladailynews.122.2o7.net protection.tkpolice.com saxogreensboro.122.2o7.net
storage.trafic.ro hydrocodone.shengen.ru saxogoerie.122.2o7.net
www-old.nastydollars.com m4.ca.2mdn.net saxofosters.122.2o7.net show.adclick.lv
windows-tech-help.com saxoconcordmonitor.122.2o7.net sec1.liveperson.net
santacruzsentinelcom.112.2o7.net dk1.siteimprove.com nmbradenton.112.2o7.net
saksfifthavenue.122.2o7.net cdn.media6degrees.com nzz.wemfbox.ch
safaribooks.112.2o7.net brunga.at www.choicedealz.com sivwbox.de
rmgroyalmailcom.112.2o7.net riverdeep.112.2o7.net metric.volkswagen.com
riptownmedia.122.2o7.net ringierag.112.2o7.net dailycaller.us.intellitxt.com
remodelingonlinecom.112.2o7.net recordonlinecom.112.2o7.net topica.advertserve.com
rcntelecom.112.2o7.net ads3.zdnet.com www.coolpremiumsnow.com rcci.122.2o7.net
rainbowmedia.122.2o7.net asg01.casalemedia.com s21.sitemeter.com
cnad1.economicoutlook.net www.2ivwbox.de questiacom.112.2o7.net
pulkauaiworld.112.2o7.net gwallet.com www.abrogatesdv.info prnewswire.122.2o7.net
prisacom.112.2o7.net www1.bmo.com.hotfrio.com.br oinadserve.com
primestarmagazine.112.2o7.net 1.ofsnetwork.com popsci.com.122.2o7.net traktum.com
clickarrows.com popcapgames.122.2o7.net www.collect.mentad.com
poconorecordcom.112.2o7.net www.mp3musichq.com poacprod.122.2o7.net
plsoyfoods.112.2o7.net adlink.de pldev.112.2o7.net starz.122.2o7.net
pittsburghpostgazette.112.2o7.net oasc12056.247realmedia.com phillycom.112.2o7.net
te.mgnetwork.com phillyburbscom.112.2o7.net fcds.affiliatetracking.net
pfizer.122.2o7.net petamain.112.2o7.net petakfc.112.2o7.net
damnimcute.us.intellitxt.com pentonmedia.122.2o7.net netspiderads2.indiatimes.com
pctoolscom.112.2o7.net benimreklam.com patrickhillery.112.2o7.net toolbarmoney.biz
aciphex.about-tabs.com parship.122.2o7.net server1.extra-web.cz search.brainfox.com
overturecomvista.112.2o7.net www.couponsandoffers.com ottacknet.112.2o7.net
ottdailytidingscom.112.2o7.net osiristrading.112.2o7.net chchoice.112.2o7.net
images.bnmq.com common.ziffdavisinternet.com oraclecom.112.2o7.net
oodpreprod.122.2o7.net onlinegurupopularsitecom.112.2o7.net omvisidtest1.112.2o7.net
dp-medien.eu omniscbt.112.2o7.net a.tiscali.co.uk www91.intel.com
omniturebanners.112.2o7.net delivery.o.switchadhub.com cannabislyric.com
omniturecom.112.2o7.net www.hospedar.xpg.com.br infos-du-net.fr.intellitxt.com
oklahomadepartmentofcommerce.112.2o7.net hackedgadgets.us.intellitxt.com
oberonincredig.112.2o7.net jsfp.coremetrics.com nytrwinterhaven.112.2o7.net
nyttechnology.112.2o7.net sdo.oewabox.at nytrthibodaux.112.2o7.net
affiliate.travelnow.com nytrsarasota.112.2o7.net nytrsantarosa.112.2o7.net
securityscan.us smartclip.net nytrocala.112.2o7.net e2.zedo.com
theadvertiser.us.intellitxt.com aynachatsrv.com nytrlexington.112.2o7.net
img.7search.com jmm.livestat.com w59.am15.net nytrflorence.112.2o7.net
debtbusterloans.com nytbglobe.112.2o7.net espdesign.com.au nsdldlese.112.2o7.net
novell.112.2o7.net sk.search.etargetnet.com c.br.msn.com
northwestairlines.112.2o7.net click.kmindex.ru statistiq.com hostedaje14.thruport.com
northjersey.112.2o7.net lycos-eu.imrworldwide.com nmrockhill.112.2o7.net 94uyvwwh.com
adnews.maddog2000.de nmraleigh.112.2o7.net e-marketing.entelchile.net
cars.ign.us.intellitxt.com c2.taboola.com nmmclatchy.112.2o7.net
nmlexington.112.2o7.net click.inn.co.il nmhiltonhead.112.2o7.net www.top55.ro
unalbilgisayar.com nmbeaufort.112.2o7.net
gmtvcollect.247realmedia.com s116.cnzz.com script.crazyegg.com
nmbakersfieldca.112.2o7.net code.superstats.com www.careers-rewardpath.com
www99.fdns.net nikerunningglobal.112.2o7.net nikerunning.112.2o7.net m3.ve.2mdn.net
nikefootball.112.2o7.net www1.sexinyourcity.com m1.emea.2mdn.net.edgesuite.net
nhl.112.2o7.net itxt.vibrantmedia.com newstimeslivecom.112.2o7.net lt3.hit.stat24.com
widget.crowdignite.com newsquestdigitalmedia.122.2o7.net linktracker.angelfire.com
lithium.thiersheetmetal.com newsok.112.2o7.net elocumjobs.com pressurespot.com
newsday.122.2o7.net newcom.122.2o7.net networksolutions.112.2o7.net
nautilus.122.2o7.net natgeopeopleplaces.112.2o7.net natgeongmcom.112.2o7.net
natgeonews.112.2o7.net adj25.thruport.com natgeonavcom.112.2o7.net
natgeohomepage.112.2o7.net natgeoglobal.112.2o7.net trafficholder.com
multiply.112.2o7.net mssbcprod.112.2o7.net toplist.throughput.de
revolution.ign.us.intellitxt.com fightline.us.intellitxt.com
msnwinonecare.112.2o7.net surveycentral.directinsure.info allegra.1.p2l.info
msnportalscp.112.2o7.net clubmed.112.2o7.net www.juiceadv.com
msnportalmsgboardsrvc.112.2o7.net msnportallatino.112.2o7.net c.webwise.net
msnportalgame.112.2o7.net spywarenuker.com dr.adservinginternational.com
msnportalaunews.112.2o7.net contaxe.com msnportalaffiliate.112.2o7.net adocean.pl
msnonecare.112.2o7.net ivwbyox.de msneshopbase.112.2o7.net hit7.hotlog.ru
tiads.ew.com impse.tradedoubler.com x-box.t35.com msna1com.112.2o7.net
www.postmasterbannernet.com mseupwinxpfam.112.2o7.net mngidmn.112.2o7.net
msnaccountservices.112.2o7.net mpire.112.2o7.net movitex.122.2o7.net
morningnewsonline.112.2o7.net mngidailybreeze.112.2o7.net mngi.112.2o7.net
romsigmed.ro freefoodprovider.com www.multipops.com secure.directtrack.com
kpremium.com sixapart.adbureau.net mlbsanfrancisco.112.2o7.net
csnation.us.intellitxt.com timecom.122.2o7.net mlbglobal.112.2o7.net
relay-ba.toboads.com advplace.nuggad.net adprudence.rotator.hadj7.adjuggler.net
mlbcom.112.2o7.net reuterde.ivwbox.de mlbcincinnati.112.2o7.net mlarmani.122.2o7.net
mkt10.122.2o7.net midsen.112.2o7.net cluster.ad-serverparc.nl
www.webhostingcounter.com webuser.uk.intellitxt.com cdn.dsultra.com
midcru.112.2o7.net ay.eastmoney.com vacationcellular.net midar.112.2o7.net
986.stats.misstrends.com triphasil.4.p2l.info microsoftwlsearchcrm.112.2o7.net
ad2.sbisec.co.jp microsoftwlmessengermkt.112.2o7.net 123counter.mycomputer.com
microsoftwindows.112.2o7.net popup.oxcash.com ads1.tripod.com if.bbanner.it
microsoftsto.112.2o7.net microsoftoffice.112.2o7.net agamgreetingscom.112.2o7.net
microsoftmachinetranslation.112.2o7.net intext.lookit.cz microsofteup.112.2o7.net
microsoftgamestudio.112.2o7.net mgwsav.112.2o7.net 5.googlenews.xorg.pl
cm.npc-buffalonews.overture.com scrooge.themilwaukeechannel.com
mgtimesdispatch.112.2o7.net mngitwincities.112.2o7.net content.adtegrity.net
mgjournalnow.112.2o7.net mghickoryrecord.112.2o7.net nefib.tourstogo.us
m2.be.2mdn.net pebble-adhese.hbvl.be primetime.net mgdothaneagle.112.2o7.net
meetupdev.122.2o7.net mediamatters.112.2o7.net cm.npc-nytimes.overture.com juste.ru
medialogic.122.2o7.net mature.xxxcounter.com hollywood.us.intellitxt.com
www.perupuntocom.com popunder.ru mdwskirt.112.2o7.net mdwsavannah.112.2o7.net
mdwoakridge.112.2o7.net mdpparents.112.2o7.net s.ivillage.us.intellitxt.com
propellerads.com mdjacksonville.112.2o7.net mattressusa.122.2o7.net
gpaper173.112.2o7.net marketworksinc.122.2o7.net aphrodite.porntrack.com
marinermarketing.112.2o7.net mapscom2.112.2o7.net cdn.tabnak.ir www.persianstat.ir
static.groupy.co.nz livedealcom.112.2o7.net www.conversionruler.com us.g1.yimg.com
leveragemarketing.112.2o7.net jsfeedadsget.com leeenterprises.112.2o7.net
leaitworldprod.112.2o7.net ldsfch.112.2o7.net laxwht.122.2o7.net
no.counter.mtgnewmedia.se optimzedby.rmxads.com mtvn.112.2o7.net laxpsd.112.2o7.net
404.online.net 123counter.superstats.com lastminengb.112.2o7.net
laptopmag.122.2o7.net distillery.wistia.com lab88inc.112.2o7.net cdn.viglink.com
kaspersky.122.2o7.net kasperthreatpostprod.112.2o7.net johnlewis.112.2o7.net
jiktnv.122.2o7.net spykit.110mb.com jsc.marketgid.com webclients.net b1.azjmp.com
jijsonline.122.2o7.net openx.coolconcepts.nl www.civwbox.de jijsonline.112.2o7.net
web-sensations.com coolsavings.com l6.zedo.com v1.nedstatbasic.net
jetbluepkgcs.112.2o7.net jennycraig.112.2o7.net jackpot.112.2o7.net
ads06.hyperbanner.net iusacomlive.112.2o7.net itmedia.122.2o7.net
dealnews.122.2o7.net ipcuncut.122.2o7.net precisioncounter.com clickthruserver.com
ipcnowprod.122.2o7.net eeroo.frost-electric-supply.com overthelimit.us.intellitxt.com
plantaardigebrandstof.nl geoloc13.geovisite.com adv0054.247realmedia.com
instadia.112.2o7.net insiderpagescom.122.2o7.net intuitinc.122.2o7.net privitize.com
interland.122.2o7.net interchangecorporation.122.2o7.net high-hollin.org
www.obesitycheck.com intelcorpsupp.112.2o7.net seg.sharethis.com
infoworldmediagroup.112.2o7.net infrastrategy.122.2o7.net indigio.122.2o7.net
incisivemedia.112.2o7.net www.3qqq.net imc2.122.2o7.net cm.guardian.overture.com
adhese.gva.be images.adsyndication.msn.com ice.112.2o7.net ibibo.112.2o7.net
hulu.112.2o7.net pixel.fetchback.com szon.ivwbox.de www.rsptrack.com tubemoviez.com
ads1.theglobeandmail.com allosponsor.com hswmedia.122.2o7.net park.beenetworks.net
adsnew.userfriendly.org s16.sitemeter.com hotelscom.122.2o7.net s1.shinystat.it
lamisil.about-tabs.com partnercash.de homestore.122.2o7.net homepproav.112.2o7.net
sn-gzzx.com www.103092804.com server.siteamplifier.net l.kavanga.ru www.aeqs.com
homepjlconline.com.112.2o7.net hisnakiamotors.122.2o7.net himedia.112.2o7.net
highbeam.122.2o7.net hickoryfarms.112.2o7.net parkingcrew.net coreglead.co.uk
hertz.122.2o7.net www.automotive-rewardpath.com heavycom.122.2o7.net
servedby.bigfineads.com hearstugo.112.2o7.net healthgrades.112.2o7.net
hchrmain.112.2o7.net haymarketbusinesspublications.122.2o7.net getyourfreetv.com
harconsumer.112.2o7.net perfectionautorepairs.com mocean.mobi guj.122.2o7.net
grunerandjahr.112.2o7.net gpapermom104.112.2o7.net gpapercareer.112.2o7.net
protection.pfpolice.com gourmetgiftbaskets.112.2o7.net gntbcstkusa.112.2o7.net
adopt.specificclick.net stat.cliche.se metric.petinsurance.com img.coldstoragemn.com
vclick.adbrite.com gntbcstwzzm.112.2o7.net cz5.clickzzs.nl ku6.allyes.com
gntbcstwtsp.112.2o7.net bannerimage.com gntbcstwltx.112.2o7.net
gntbcstwmaz.112.2o7.net gntbcstwfmy.112.2o7.net gntbcstkxtv.112.2o7.net
www.ivwboxy.de gabe.hit.gemius.pl www.phorm.com x888x.myserver.org
gntbcstkthv.112.2o7.net gntbcstkare.112.2o7.net profile.uproxx.com
gmgoodwrenchdmaprod.112.2o7.net la.5.p2l.info gmgmcom.112.2o7.net p.placemypixel.com
gmgmacmortgage.112.2o7.net topforall.com giftscom.122.2o7.net
gjincscobleizer.112.2o7.net jsn.dt07.net sq2trk2.com myyjaosta.spring-tns.net
genetree.112.2o7.net clkde.tradedoubler.com gatehousemedia.122.2o7.net
dbtechno.us.intellitxt.com adv.drtuber.com furniturecom.112.2o7.net
mondoads.s3.amazonaws.com rc.asci.freenet.de furnlevitz.112.2o7.net adv.gratuito.st
foxidol.112.2o7.net foxcom.112.2o7.net ford.112.2o7.net qds.count.brat-online.ro
tamiflu-no-prescription.asian-flu-vaccine.com fim.122.2o7.net figlobal.112.2o7.net
d.rmgserving.com www6.bannerspace.com fanatics.112.2o7.net track.untd.com
catchvid.info fnlpic.com f2ntheage.112.2o7.net s105.cnzz.com adj18.thruport.com
f2nbt.112.2o7.net marketlive.122.2o7.net extrovert.122.2o7.net
expertsexchange.112.2o7.net
experianservicescorp.122.2o7.net expedia8.112.2o7.net off.wallpapers.com
expedia6vt.112.2o7.net testdata.coremetrics.com examinercom.122.2o7.net
ewsventura.112.2o7.net c7.amazingcounters.com ewsnaples.112.2o7.net msn.tns-cs.net
ewscripps.112.2o7.net ewscorpuschristi.112.2o7.net webwise.bt.com
evepdeagledev.112.2o7.net evepdaggiesports.112.2o7.net www.drimads.com
evepdcharleston.112.2o7.net eurostar.122.2o7.net homewares.org eset.122.2o7.net
saxobutlereagle.122.2o7.net img.sspbaseball.org epebuild.112.2o7.net
volkswagen.122.2o7.net entrepreneurpoc.122.2o7.net enterprisemediagroup.112.2o7.net
topstats.net e-bannerx.com nasioc.us.intellitxt.com n0.adshostnet.com
e.emailretargeting.com click.zxxds.net emc.122.2o7.net eloqua.122.2o7.net
n4p.ru.redtram.com pubs.hiddennetwork.com www.personalcare-offer.com bidbuddy.com
vitacost.122.2o7.net eharmony.112.2o7.net serve.oxcluster.com edmunds.112.2o7.net
topsearcher.com earthlink.122.2o7.net eagamesuk.112.2o7.net eaeacom.112.2o7.net
sleep.vermontteddybear.com microsoftconsumermarketing.112.2o7.net
dreamhome.112.2o7.net dotsterdotsteraug08.112.2o7.net ac.ybinst9.ec.yimg.com
bestfwdservice.com dotster.112.2o7.net dominionenterprises.112.2o7.net
au-01.adtomafusion.com dmvguidecom.112.2o7.net dennispublishing.112.2o7.net
dardenrestaurants.112.2o7.net cyberdefender.122.2o7.net ctvmaincom.112.2o7.net
gcirm.thejournalnews.com static.aff-landing-tmp.foxtab.com creditcardscom.112.2o7.net
metrics.pe.com coxnetmasterglobal.112.2o7.net cdn.pubexchange.com coxnet.112.2o7.net
bigtits.xxxallaccesspass.com analytics.matchbin.com couhome.112.2o7.net
ads1.realcities.com tramadol.4.p2l.info coreluk.112.2o7.net server01.popupmoney.com
conpst.112.2o7.net count10.51yes.com condenast.112.2o7.net s3.trafficmaxx.de
snowplow-collector.sugarops.com condeconsumermarketing.112.2o7.net
kentsucks.youcanoptout.com
cnoompprod.112.2o7.net morevisits.info cnnglobal.122.2o7.net cnn.122.2o7.net
m4.es.2mdn.net g.admob.com trafficstrategies.com cnhijohnstown.122.2o7.net
cnhibdtonline.122.2o7.net cnhibatesvilleheraldtribune.122.2o7.net www.adbanner.gr
cnhiautovertical.122.2o7.net scripts.conversionattribution.com
entertainment.msnbc.us.intellitxt.com cnettech.112.2o7.net cnetjapan.122.2o7.net
freefuelcoupon.com cmp.112.2o7.net www.sankyo.gr.jp cm.npc-medianews.overture.com
xtds.info viashockwave.112.2o7.net geo.gorillanation.com counter1.fc2.com
maximumpcads.imaginemedia.com ciaoshopit.122.2o7.net ciaoshopcouk.122.2o7.net
chumtv.122.2o7.net medialand.relax.ru realclix.com chgwyndham.112.2o7.net
adincl.gopher.com www.pick-savings.com natgeoedit.112.2o7.net weownthetraffic.com
www.prdirectory.biz cnnireport.122.2o7.net popularmechanics.us.intellitxt.com
cnhienid.122.2o7.net joblo.us.intellitxt.com chacha.112.2o7.net d.thanksearch.com
static.proximic.com shoppingads.com eventbrite.122.2o7.net luckyeffect.info
metrics.ksl.com cengagecsinfosec.112.2o7.net cbspgatour.112.2o7.net
cbglobal.112.2o7.net cbmsn.112.2o7.net realmedia.channel4.com tvguide.112.2o7.net
cbc.122.2o7.net a01.korrelate.net www.burstbeacon.com te.thestar.ca ctnetwork.hu
cba.122.2o7.net auspolice.com cartoonnetwork.122.2o7.net
ziffdavisenterprise.112.2o7.net stupidcelebrities.us.intellitxt.com
www.topdemaroc.com care2.112.2o7.net www.yourhitstats.com canwest.112.2o7.net
canshowcase.112.2o7.net icompass.insightexpressai.com canfinancialpost.112.2o7.net
freegasprovider.com gimg.baidu.com www.ivwox.de sitetracker.com buzznet.112.2o7.net
btcom.112.2o7.net 23837.hittail.com bruceclay.112.2o7.net 148.xg4ken.com
nxs.kidcolez.cn adnet.ru secure.vxsbill.com natgeovideo.112.2o7.net
bostoncommonpress.112.2o7.net promo.twistyscash.com static.atgsvcs.com
bonniercorp.122.2o7.net bonneville.112.2o7.net bizjournals.112.2o7.net
betterhg.112.2o7.net gcirm.theithacajournal.com sw.interpolls.com bet.122.2o7.net
bertelwissenprod.122.2o7.net om.cnet.co.uk belointeractive.122.2o7.net
bellglobemediapublishing.122.2o7.net zyrtec.4.p2l.info bhgremodel.112.2o7.net
bhgscrap.112.2o7.net mngimercurynews.112.2o7.net static.l3.cdn.adbucks.com
www.adserver.com.my bbc.112.2o7.net idsync.rlcdn.com berkleynude.ca.tt
bankwest.112.2o7.net avgtechnologies.112.2o7.net img2.ru.redtram.com
autobytel.112.2o7.net www.trustsoft.com jgen29.cjt1.net
aumotradeinvaluecom.112.2o7.net getacooltv.com aumoautomotivectl.112.2o7.net
gntbcstwusa.112.2o7.net audible.112.2o7.net grade.market.yandex.ru quinnwealth.com
www.adv-italiana.com globalwebads.com associatedcontent.112.2o7.net
apnonline.112.2o7.net www.bugsbanner.it apdigitalorg.112.2o7.net
apdigitalorgovn.112.2o7.net phlpolice.com aolyedda.122.2o7.net
travel-and-weather.msnbc.us.intellitxt.com aolwpmq.122.2o7.net aolwbtvsq.122.2o7.net
aolwbluxist.122.2o7.net aolwbengadget.122.2o7.net bit-tech.uk.intellitxt.com
as.medscape.com aolwbdnlsq.122.2o7.net utm.trk.smileycentral.com
madpenguin.us.intellitxt.com m6.ca.2mdn.net aolwinamp.122.2o7.net aa.connextra.com
r.admob.com aolvideo.122.2o7.net www.123counter.superstats.com
aolturnercnnmoney.122.2o7.net count31.51yes.com aolswitch.122.2o7.net
aolstylist.122.2o7.net zag.112.2o7.net aolsports.122.2o7.net traffic.mindviz.com
trax.gamespot.com aolpolls.122.2o7.net adx.ocala.com aolpf.122.2o7.net
aolmus.122.2o7.net aollatblog.122.2o7.net talos.adman.gr aoljournals.122.2o7.net
safepay2.interactivebrands.com adj43.thruport.com aoldrambuie.122.2o7.net
aolcommvid.122.2o7.net aa.voice2page.com eatingwell.us.intellitxt.com
totszentmarton.hu s.idio.co aolcamember.122.2o7.net angmil.112.2o7.net
angiba.112.2o7.net restoredchurchofgod.112.2o7.net amazonmerchants.122.2o7.net
mgwjar.112.2o7.net m3.uk.2mdn.net allbritton.122.2o7.net pro.weborama.fr
agyahooag.112.2o7.net cbpublishing.blueadvertise.com techradar.uk.intellitxt.com
www.trackingstatalytics.com agegreetings.112.2o7.net affilcrtopcolle.112.2o7.net
aehistory.112.2o7.net acpmagazines.112.2o7.net 3gupload.112.2o7.net
klipmart.forbes.com adserver1.isohunt.com 192.168.112.2o7.net s23.cnzz.com
102.122.2o7.net 102.112.2o7.net halfords.ukrpts.net 2o7.net
bigbigforums.us.intellitxt.com metrics.td.com metrics.rcsmetrics.it
webtrend25.hemscott.com tacobell.d1.sc.omtrdc.net imagec07.247realmedia.com
mysearch-engine.com seb.d1.sc.omtrdc.net rtve.d1.sc.omtrdc.net
marchofdimes.d2.sc.omtrdc.net a.as-us.falkag.net hm.d1.sc.omtrdc.net www.obyz.de
t.blogreaderproject.com fairfaxau.d1.sc.omtrdc.net espndotcom.tt.omtrdc.net
c.bing.com t.beanstalkdata.com daimlerag.d2.sc.omtrdc.net cri.d1.sc.omtrdc.net
adrotator.se rcpmag.us.intellitxt.com adverts.im4ges.com cafemom.d2.sc.omtrdc.net
nerez-schodiste-zabradli.com stats2.luckymag.com omni.focus.de popander.mobi
tracking.everydayhealth.com som.aeroplan.com toysrus.tt.omtrdc.net data0.bell.ca
www.winnerschoiceservices.com gsm-mobile-phone.beesearch.info lowes.tt.omtrdc.net
lakeshore.d1.sc.omtrdc.net aolwbwowinsd.122.2o7.net s3.pageranktop.com
www.scambiobanner.tv www.firebanner.com te.dailycamera.com convusmp.admailtiser.com
it.bannerout.com gator.com hello.sexer.com ti.tradetracker.net blue.sexer.com
starpulse.us.intellitxt.com adserver1.mediainsight.de lzjl.com
delivery.trafficjunky.net rmsi.nuggad.net poldk.nuggad.net oms.nuggad.net
api.ipinfodb.com hrdcvn.com.vn mobilede.nuggad.net medienhaus.nuggad.net
jubdk.nuggad.net pop.zompmedia.com jobzdk.nuggad.net casinotraffic.com
jpdk.nuggad.net summitbusinessmedia.112.2o7.net httpoolro.nuggad.net
network.advplace.com httpoolcr.nuggad.net psp.ign.us.intellitxt.com paulsnetwork.com
ads2.vortexmediagroup.com hit39.hotlog.ru ad131m.adk2.co httpoolbih.nuggad.net
pics.cnomy.com httpoolbg.nuggad.net gwp.nuggad.net goldbach.nuggad.net mbuyu.nl
dbadk.nuggad.net mdr.ivwbox.de derstandard.nuggad.net makeherup.us.intellitxt.com
billboard.nuggad.net kiplinger.112.2o7.net asv.nuggad.net gen2server.com
arbomedia.nuggad.net mclient.ivwbox.de adcloud-dp.nuggad.net
adverts.carltononline.com teletypos.nuggad.net ri.nuggad.net www.robsxxx.com
pressbox.nuggad.net mgwcbd.112.2o7.net code.impresionesweb.com om.nuggad.net
gdelt.hit.gemius.pl www.adadvisor.net stats4all.com www.reklam3.net n24se.nuggad.net
lpm-lagardere.nuggad.net kids-in-sandbox.com 4.whereinlombardy.com
webmaster.privatamateure.com valtrex.4.p2l.info lpm-francetv.nuggad.net
jip.nuggad.net tenmagazines.us.intellitxt.com reduxads.valuead.com www.aektschen.de
fbfredericksburgcom.112.2o7.net akamai.t.axf8.net ebayit-dp.nuggad.net
unitedcollect.insightfirst.com redsheriff.com dol.nuggad.net
morningstar.us.intellitxt.com capital.nuggad.net ebuzzing.com axdget-sync.nuggad.net
w100.am15.net abcno.nuggad.net 24m.nuggad.net online-school.petrovka.info ajouter.net
analytics.youramigo.com www.shareasale.com track2.homestead.com web.checkm8.com
static.vpptechnologies.com media-e.vpptechnologies.com track.adrevolver.com
pool.dichtbij.adhese.com pt.trafficjunky.net media-b.vpptechnologies.com
static.fmpub.net adipex.hut1.ru adbrite.122.2o7.net media-a.vpptechnologies.com
snip.answers.com media-8.vpptechnologies.com smokingeverywhere.122.2o7.net
media-6.vpptechnologies.com aoltruveo.122.2o7.net img.atdmt.com
media-2.vpptechnologies.com etad.telegraph.co.uk a.huluad.com b.casalemedia.com
timeessence.122.2o7.net video.flashtalking.com p543.adskape.ru
servedby.flashtalking.com cdn.flashtalking.com js-at.goldbach.com pixel.adblade.com
bn.premiumhdv.com drdobbs.us.intellitxt.com c04.adsummos.net contextlinks.netseer.com
ds.eyeblaster.com affiliate.dtiserv.com pk.adlandpro.com www.adsinimages.com
sport5.checkm8.com nana10.checkm8.com red04.as-eu.falkag.net www.wildsap.com
openx2.fotoflexer.com www.keywordblocks.com www.secure-processingcenter.com
rtbcdn.doubleverify.com www.awesomevipoffers.com optimize.innity.com nbrtrack.com
feeds.wise-click.com ss.mtree.com bustedcoverage.us.intellitxt.com trax.prostrax.com
nmsacramento.112.2o7.net scripts.chitika.net promoserver.net mmv.admob.com
d3dcugpvnepf41.cloudfront.net mads.dailymail.co.uk te.suntimes.com
hiphopgalaxy.fr.intellitxt.com www.ad-souk.com saxotoledo.122.2o7.net
admarketplace.net weboxmedia.by gmgmacfs.112.2o7.net adwords.google.lloymlincs.com
raskrutka.ucoz.com adsview2.qq.com blogtopsites.com pixel1324.everesttech.net
backfill.ph.affinity.com tags.api.umbel.com business.realtracker.com
cdn.app.exitmonitor.com cdn.beaconads.com cm3.bnmq.com nv3.ad.naver.com
www.sq2trk2.com ww9.kohls.com pub27.bravenet.com my.media-servers.net www.thebugs.ws
thebugs.ws petrenko.biz advert.bayarea.com newcracks.net www.keygen.us
35385.hittail.com bezproudoff.cz msnbcnewsvine.112.2o7.net speedboink.com icracks.net
www.cyberscat.com www.freexxxpages.net w119.am15.net img.freexxxpages.net
at.gmads.net freexxxpages.net api.taboola.com www.e-googles.com s323.t.eloqua.com
adimage.asiaone.com www.crackway.com crackway.com p2p.adv.vz.ru www.cracksplanet.com
5starsupport.us.intellitxt.com www.crackspider.net liverail.com bestserials.com
ox-d.ibt.servedbyopenx.com vktr073.net m8.nz.2mdn.net nationalpost.112.2o7.net
storknet.us.intellitxt.com rotator.7x3.net et.twyn.com agbmcom.112.2o7.net
jkearns.freestats.com date.ventivmedia.com bugsforum.com v2.urlads.net
buyinfo-centreq.tk m4.fi.2mdn.net fe.lea.lycos.es www.andr.net metrics.newcars.com
ads2.mediashakers.com uk.activeshopper.com mobile.activeshopper.com dis.us.criteo.com
e-zshopper.activeshopper.com adindex.laweekly.com systweak.com
adsremote.scrippsnetworks.com apptap.scripps.com getdetails02.sim-technik.de
tdsearchware.com q.azcentral.com dart.clearchannel.com
dmcontactmanagement.122.2o7.net ads4.clearchannel.com mydailymoment.us.intellitxt.com
webalize.net secure-us.imrworldwide.com www.closeoutproductsreview.com
cms1.ami-admin.com ad2.speedbit.com geoip.silive.com discount-savings-more.com
euniverseads.com geoip.pennlive.com w40.am15.net geoip.oregonlive.com geoip.nola.com
science.mlive.com spads.yamx.com geoip.masslive.com eu.nuggad.net www.2girls1cup.nl
galindia.hit.gemius.pl dl-plugin.com gntbcstwtlv.112.2o7.net geoip.gulflive.com
247wallstreet.us.intellitxt.com bannerdriven.ru hzs15.cnzz.com pixel.everesttech.net
monstersandcritics.advertserve.com simg.zedo.com medicinenet.us.intellitxt.com
admanage.wescompapers.com smetrics.freecreditreport.com click.readme.ru
te.thestar.com m5.se.2mdn.net tracking.trafficjunky.net revenue.net search2007.info
test.theeagle.com trak-analytics.blic.rs aolwbgadling.122.2o7.net a.ucoz.net
auctionads.com m.teamsugar.com qlog.adap.tv dcs.swiftnews.com pcwelt.ivwbox.de
biosmagazine.uk.intellitxt.com openx.kokoma.pl w1.luckyorange.com applets.sulekha.com
blackpress.122.2o7.net srv1.wa.marketingsolutions.yahoo.com f.thanksearch.com
mds.centrport.net drug-testing.shengen.ru maxads.ruralpress.com www.ijacko.net
m8.cn.2mdn.net adman.rep-am.com bbcdn.go.idmnet.bbelements.com metrics.turner.com
img1.adjuggler.com html.nbc10.com www62.bicycling.com sfads.osdn.com
adserv.mywebtimes.com ads1.moneycontrol.com www.virtualsurfer.com
tracking.military.com secure.indexstats.com vzarabotke.ru html.knbc.com
adsrv.iol.co.za www.promo.com.au next-layers.com clickadz.com
netspiderads.indiatimes.com adv2.expres.ua s3.shinystat.it adstil.indiatimes.com
cnocanoecaprod.112.2o7.net advertising.illinimedia.com tag-stats.huffingtonpost.com
amznshopbop.122.2o7.net fr.a2dfp.net www.cheap-online-stamp.cast.cc ajokeaday.com
www.silver-path.com updates.desktop.ak-networks.com
tgpcounter.freethumbnailgalleries.com scdown.qq.com dn.c.richmetrics.com
sync.go.sonobi.com log.hankooki.com red.as-us.falkag.net itop.cz track.ft.com
ad1.firehousezone.com adverts.f-1.com bbelements.com zeldalily.us.intellitxt.com
en.likefever.org unit2.euro2day.gr shebudgets.us.intellitxt.com www.dnps.com
partnerads.ysm.yahoo.com metrics.express.com adverts.digitalspy.co.uk
openx.cnpapers.com geovisite.com reklam.mynet.com fr.classic.clickintext.net
accuweather.us.intellitxt.com detik.serving-sys.com adtrack.cimedia.net rc.rlcdn.com
as1.casinocity.com gaee.hit.gemius.pl ads1.capitalinteractive.co.uk
visualscience.external.bbc.co.uk aolwbcinema.122.2o7.net adnet.asahi.com rd5d.com
mylabsrl.com www3.adireland.com nadegda-95.ru traffic.adwitty.com
httpoolat.nuggad.net tibiakeylogger.com paneles.impresionesweb.com
gb.impresionesweb.com metrics.laredoute.fr gad.impresionesweb.com
codead.impresionesweb.com secure-eu.imrworldwide.com mad.uk.intellitxt.com
msn.serving-sys.com tracking.admarketplace.net www.cool-downloads.com nbjmp.com
metrics.babycentre.co.uk lwken.com linkbuddies.com www.lolhello.com hjlas.com
fbgdc.com casalemedia.com n69.com m02.oix.com www.antarasystems.com s2.tracemyip.org
s2.shinystat.com www.nobrain.dk adserver2.realtracker.com panel.research-int.se
www.ariboo.com omni.dispatch.com intermix.us.intellitxt.com ariboo.com
www.smartredirect.de www.adoptim.com bps.tesial-tech.be yad1.yad2.co.il
microsoftuk.122.2o7.net x4u.ru laboroflove.us.intellitxt.com sm8.sitemeter.com
www.powerlinks.com 19097.hittail.com searchignited.com pamoran.net
www3.ihaberadserver.com rm.tapuz.co.il tv.sohu.com protizer.ru
mirrorsearch.speedbit.com adtology3.com ads9.speedbit.com
aumoautomobilemagcom.112.2o7.net ads7.speedbit.com 3.bluepointmortgage.com
ads5.speedbit.com ibwbox.de shoutwire.us.intellitxt.com ads1.speedbit.com
71158.hittail.com m3.de.2mdn.net morgpost.ivwbox.de www.wewillrocknow.com
becomegorgeous.us.intellitxt.com ad9.speedbit.com nmstatecollege.112.2o7.net
search.startnow.com data.kataweb.it ad7.speedbit.com www.avsads.com
metrics.moneymart.ca ad4.speedbit.com accutrk.com ad3.speedbit.com
metrics.solarwinds.com www.shareaza.com www.mlstat.com adedy.com um.simpli.fi
affiliate.bfashion.com freewarepalm.uk.intellitxt.com storage.softure.com aephop.com
sms-ads.com metrics.fitnessmagazine.com promotools.vpscash.nl geoaddicted.net
mediacharger.com int.sitestat.com 8959.hittail.com hometheaterreview.advertserve.com
es.sitestat.com sitestat.com adv.adwish.net protection.capolice.com
freeonlineusers.com uk.nedstatpro.net zeit01.webtrekk.net tube8vidswsy.dnset.com
nl.nedstatpro.net img.adverticum.net textad.sexsearchcom.com
usa.nedstat.net turnerapac.d1.sc.omtrdc.net
eztracks.us.intellitxt.com uk.nedstat.net s76.cnzz.com www.thoughtfully-free.com
static.realmediadigital.com topstats.com rojakpot.us.intellitxt.com be.nedstat.net
nedstat.net www.sitestat.com domains.mangowork.com tenzing.fmpub.net
st.n.ads1-adnow.com rainbow-ru-ak.mythings.com uk.sitestat.com www.nedstat.co.uk
www.nedstat.nl ads7.advance.net nedstat.nl adultimate.net www.site-id.nl
banner-img.haber7.com filmwad.us.intellitxt.com tags.transportdirect.info
startpunt.nu.site-id.nl s1481.t.eloqua.com www.netdirect.nl depo.realist.gen.tr
vip.clickzs.com free1.usa.realtracker.com ad1.bigmir.net js11.clickzs.com
www.adult-tracker.de gcirm.clarionledger.com js9.clickzs.com js6.clickzs.com
freelogs.com indianemarket.in 922.hittail.com w71.am15.net cz11.clickzs.com
cz9.clickzs.com www.atpanel.com cz6.clickzs.com metrics.azfamily.com cz5.clickzs.com
ad-uk.tiscali.com cz4.clickzs.com c.no.msn.com adocean-si.hit.gemius.pl
zdads.e-media.com cz2.clickzs.com www.sphere.com www.plasmatvreward.com
www.revisitors.com ads2.ihaberadserver.com adv.consadbg.com adv.webvariant.com
www.lpmxp2026.com www.pagerank-gratuit.com openx.vsekiden.com adbuyer3.lycos.com
adv.starozagorci.com apparelncs.com metrics.hbogo.com s.ad123m.com
pandasoftware.112.2o7.net www.luciole.co.uk resanium.com i.adwise.bg as.adwise.bg
www.searchanyway.com heise.ivwbox.de go.searchanyway.com www.spamnuker.com
bbads.sx.atl.publicus.com ads1.updated.com searchanyway.com www.coolfreehost.com
record.commissionking.com log.trafic.ro fmads.osdn.com jsp2.clickzs.com dsparking.com
www.adtactics.com www.realist.gen.tr lunafetch.about.com damamaty.tk z.ceotrk.com
analytics.stg.springboardvideo.com adserve.cpmba.se cms.springboard.gorillanation.com
analytics.atomiconline.com www.adminder.com spx.owneriq.net rs.search.etargetnet.com
www.exchangead.com vast.bp3855992.btrll.com tracking.opienetwork.com w.cnzz.com
cpatrack.leadn.com tracking.whattoexpect.com engine.adsupply.com b92rs.adocean.pl
a.amxdt.com engine.4dsply.com partners.content.ad www.edge.quantserve.com
bank19.ads.mp.mydas.mobi 207-87-18-203.wsmg.digex.net realtimeads.com get.mirando.de
jumptap.com commons.pajamasmedia.com js.e-generator.com www.easyadservice.com
www.worlds-best-online-casinos.com natgeoeditco.112.2o7.net tc.zionsbank.com
www.secretbehindporn.com wincert.us.intellitxt.com tarno.tradedoubler.com
en.dd.blueline.be www.mediareps.com scrollingads.hustlermegapass.com
www.adregistry.com www.spacash.com registercom.122.2o7.net peel.spacash.com
www.friend-greetings.net notice.spacash.com bestkika.crashs.net movies.spacash.com
exit.spacash.com dvdcovers.spacash.com track.wesell.co.il offerforge.com
banners2.spacash.com werbung.diepresse.com ayboll.sgsrv.com pagerank-suchmaschine.de
secure6.platinumbucks.com www.apmebf.com ciscowebex.112.2o7.net
rewards.macandbumble.com asy.a8ww.net advertising.rockettube.net ocxxx.com
myfuncards.com static.99widgets.com www.99stats.com www.ninjadollars.com a3.adzs.nl
survey.122.2o7.net www.the-path-gateway.com peelads.hustler.com
pqwaker.altervista.org www.gamertraffic.com blowsearch.com redirects.coldhardcash.com
web.survey-poll.com ox-d.washingtonpost.servedbyopenx.com hstraffa.com
stockgroup.us.intellitxt.com click.fool.com getmailcounter.com
latinpost.us.intellitxt.com ads2.mynet.com www.spywarenuker.com
nbcnewyork.us.intellitxt.com vintadream.112.2o7.net www.evidencenuker.com
cdn1.adspace.4tube.com venus.goclick.com trafficex.adlandpro.com
geoloc12.geovisite.com e.mouseflow.com dwtracking.sdo.com te.adlandpro.com
board.classifieds1000.com ap101.curves.com www.flashadtools.com
a.openinternetexchange.com businessinsider.us.intellitxt.com cdn1.eyewonder.com
adocean-cz.hit.gemius.pl hardocp.us.intellitxt.com www.chokertraffic.com
www.webtraxs.com chokertraffic.com as.ad-411.com images.gtsads.com nimages.gtsads.com
revenue.com ox-d.zenoviagroup.com engine.gtsads.com static.cdn.gtsads.com
popit.mediumpimpin.com m9.es.2mdn.net www.pepipo.com pepipo.com cxociocom.112.2o7.net
beta.galleries.paperstreetcash.com showadsak.pubmatic.com www.kaaza-legal.de
amazonshopbop.122.2o7.net fee-hydrocodone.bebto.com ecess1.cdn.continent8.com
realitytvmagazine.us.intellitxt.com sportingbeteur.adsrv.eacdn.com
rosettastone.tt.omtrdc.net partners.betfredaffiliates.com images.enhance.com
affiliates.bet-at-home.com www.screensavers.com f.screensavers.com
cachebanner.vegasred.com bnk30livejs.112.2o7.net cachebanner.titanpoker.com
www.sitetracker.com flashadtools.com servedby.o2.co.uk cachebanner.europacasino.com
js.clickequations.net beacon.clickequations.net bannerlandia.com.ar sact.atdmt.com
jact.atdmt.com neber.112.2o7.net 4.whereinpiemonte.com analytics.msnbc.com
klikmoney.net udc.msn.com rpt.rad.msn.com tr.tu.connect.wunderloop.net
24x7.soliday.org a.rad.msn.com col.mobileads.msn.com domainsponsor.com v9.cnzz.com
blu.mobileads.msn.com condenast.insight.omtrdc.net secure.ace.advertising.com
arc9.msn.com arc2.msn.com choicesurveypanel.com analytics.msnbc.msn.com
cm.npc-morris.overture.com metric.nwsource.com a.ads2.msads.net lastmeasure.zoy.org
openinternetexchange.com www.vwbox.de a.ads1.msads.net ads1.msads.net
analytics.live.com bat.bing.com c1.atdmt.com advertising.goldseek.com aidps.atdmt.com
data.queryly.com mt.adquality.ch c.ninemsn.com.au rantsports.us.intellitxt.com
www.dodostats.com redirect.ad-feeds.net free.realtracker.com click.gospect.com
www.bidclix.net www.atdmt.com aolcg.122.2o7.net flex.atdmt.com
gcirm.desmoinesregister.com www.usatravel-specials.com www.ifvwbox.de iact.atdmt.com
px.owneriq.net ox-d.coedmediagroup.com zde-affinity.edgecaching.net
www.keywordmax.com ping.hellobar.com see.hit.gemius.pl adx.heraldtribune.com
www.adpeepshosted.com www.estat.com w.estat.com sky.estat.com s.estat.com
secure.mymedcenter.net cnad3.economicoutlook.net prof.estat.com gpaper116.112.2o7.net
estat.com ps-us.amazon-adsystem.com js.cybermonitor.com howtotroll.org
gajime.popunder.ru advert.rare.ru themacuser.org www.spylog.ru c.pebblemedia.be
connect.247media.ads.link4ads.com tools.spylog.ru www.erotikcounter.org
hits.spylog.com spylog.com oasc10015.247realmedia.com forex-news.hut1.ru gs.spylog.ru
proxy.or4.marketscore.com bank09.ads.mp.mydas.mobi tizer.adv.vz.ru adition.de
af-gb.marketgid.com aa-gb.marketgid.com intelcorpchan.112.2o7.net affiliate.mogs.com
marketgid.com adverticum.com metric.makemytrip.com mg.dt00.net
affiliates.lifeselector.com sedu.adhands.ru iluv.clickbooth.com
mobile.bitterstrawberry.org pixel1350.everesttech.net rq.adfox.ru tck.bangbros.com
123.fluxads.com mytraf.info www.frameptp.com s3.addthis.com online-antispym4.com
mediadvertising.ro engine.turboroller.ru www.hypercounter.com graphics.pop6.com
lycos.realmedia.com www.expressdelivery.biz data.emimino.cz bcp.crwdcntrl.net
cb.baidu.com www.adwurkz.com video.unrulymedia.com bank01.ads.dt.mydas.mobi
nv.5.p2l.info 15628.hittail.com title.mximg.com tech-faq.us.intellitxt.com
cb.mdnhinc.com www.emailproductreview.com goclick.com sunlux.net
ox.affiliation-int.com a.tempurpedic.com c.enhance.com test.tns-cs.net
iwantmyfreecash.com cp.ah-ha.com cwportal.112.2o7.net www.livestat.com
www.siteboxparking.com media6021.videostrip.com
zatznotfunny.us.intellitxt.com ui.oix.net ilinks.industrybrains.com
gflinks.industrybrains.com sonycorporate.112.2o7.net piwik.org clixgalore.com
images.drivelinemedia.com drivelinemedia.com host4.list.ru top3.list.ru
www30a6.glam.com counter13.bravenet.com top1.list.ru mdwathens.112.2o7.net
top.list.ru adhall.com fe.lea.spray.se static.parkingpanel.com fe.lea.lycos.de
whitecastle.122.2o7.net count24.51yes.com wwtdd.tags.crwdcntrl.net
codiceisp.shinystat.it s13.sitemeter.com videogum.tags.crwdcntrl.net
info.intelli-direct.com n.betus.com superficial.crwdcntrl.net
sociallitelife.tags.crwdcntrl.net nbcu.tags.crwdcntrl.net
livejournal.tags.crwdcntrl.net justjared.crwdcntrl.net huffingtonpost.crwdcntrl.net
s1.srtk.net cnnmoney.tags.crwdcntrl.net blogtalkradio.crwdcntrl.net www.vvvic.com
weightlossforall.us.intellitxt.com i.securecontactinfo.com ag.tags.crwdcntrl.net
insightxe.looksmart.com pcash.globalmailer5.com banner2.isobarturkiye.net
utm.trk.myway.com top100.pcbet.info vialogoonline.112.2o7.net
celebridoodle.us.intellitxt.com forexadv.eu www.cpmfun.com kvors.com
philips.112.2o7.net buy-viagra.aca.ru keywords.fmpub.net hit37.chark.dk
cm.it.kataweb.overture.com goat.cx r01.ibg.bg a.diximedia.es www.mudfall.com
openx.stand.bg a.kik.bg b.detetoigrae.com thetechherald.uk.intellitxt.com
www.validview.com adv.blogupp.com adspserving.com s.adonly.com edits.mywebsearch.com
www.adcash.com tube8vidsdst.ddns.name www.freeusersonline.com ctrck.com
twe876-site0011.maxesp.net 77266.hittail.com uptodatecontent.net adsr3pg.com.br
quik2link.com nordiccountry.cz fatfreekitchen.us.intellitxt.com www.multihdcodec.com
bgmenu.postaffiliatepro.com www.iwstats.com clixtk.com blogadswap.com
my.affiliateforme.com architecturaldesigns.us.intellitxt.com gpaper127.112.2o7.net
attribution.webmarketing123.com www.ccbilleu.com tracki112.com filter.eclickz.com
pro.i-doctor.co.kr www.adspeed.com adscpm.com ihc.112.2o7.net adselect.nuggad.net
e.freewebhostingarea.com ox.fashion.bg newplan1999.com protection.prpolice.com
cdn.content.exoticads.com emonitor.takeit.cz cdn-01.yumenetworks.com
static.fleshlight.com static.ads.crakmedia.com adchimp.com cdn.cpmstar.com
cdn.content.ads.chaturbate.com affiliate.trk4.com yambotan.ru my.trackjs.com
pl1.yumenetworks.com pl.yumenetworks.com bikeforumsnet.skimlinks.com darakht.com
media.sexinyourcity.com lemonparty.biz gpaper158.112.2o7.net cache.realitykings.com
aolcmp.122.2o7.net cdn.opencandy.com wbads.vo.llnwd.net
www.sports-fitness-rewardpath.com yourrewardzone.com intermrkts.vo.llnwd.net
cdn.intermarkets.net cachewww.europacasino.com beespace.com.ua www.hentaicounter.com
fast.ford.demdex.net static.contentabc.com qlipsodigital.checkm8.com s.atemda.com
img1.cdn.adjuggler.com bullzeye.rotator.hadj1.adjuggler.net my.blueadvertise.com
creditburner.blueadvertise.com cdxninteractive.blueadvertise.com
adserver2.blueadvertise.com nytrlakeland.112.2o7.net bank11.ads.dt.mydas.mobi
blueadvertise.com ad3.eu sync.adtech.zenoviaexchange.com www.kmindex.ru
cache.static.userplane.com www.counting4free.com tiktrk.com sz.met.vgwort.de
fms2.pointroll.speedera.net cdn.linksmart.com pixel.solvemedia.com
http.content.ru4.com tvn.adocean.pl http300.content.ru4.com http100.content.ru4.com
taffr.com cdn.redlightcenter.com freeipoduk.co.uk ins-offer.com rd-direct.com
ads2000.hw.net ww381.smartadserver.com advertisingcom.122.2o7.net b.ads1.msn.com
phentermine.4.p2l.info ox-d.hypeads.org global.msads.net pu.trafficshop.com
xml.mxsads.com a.global.msads.net webcashmaker.com antivirus-scanner.com
img.metaffiliation.com cdntest.gand.de touchclarity.com www7.addfreestats.com
delfiadee.hit.gemius.pl creativeby1.unicast.com adnet.com.ua click.dealshark.com
www.rooversadvocatuur.nl ox-d.cordillera.tv stat.stars.ru nmsanluisobispo.112.2o7.net
q.pni.com dsnextgen.com cpmadvisors.com ping.crowdscience.com track.cracked.com
ox-d.publisherdesk.servedbyopenx.com cdn1.ads.brazzers.com pubdirecte.com
d.aggregateknowledge.com www.advconversion.com logs.comics.com
createthegroup.122.2o7.net sumome.com track.the-members-section.com cdn.adstatic.com
remorcicomerciale.ro en.ultrex.ru metric.wtop.com www.iuvwbox.de
6266.570204.primosearch.com www.icityfind.com sdc.tele.net
geekstogo.us.intellitxt.com adserver1.teracent.net 7457.pownit.blueseek.com
myvideo.count.brat-online.ro 5990.findit.blueseek.com welten.ivwbox.de
5882.1158.blueseek.com join1.winhundred.com 4802.170.blueseek.com www.abcjmp.com
jgen5.cjt1.net nbc.interpolls.com valium.polybuild.ru adsfac.us extremetracking.com
ptp4ever.net z0.extreme-dm.com c1921.ic-live.com eu1.heatmap.it z.extreme-dm.com
y0.extreme-dm.com y.extreme-dm.com webuysupplystore.mooo.com w0.extreme-dm.com
w.extreme-dm.com intogossip.us.intellitxt.com nielsen.112.2o7.net v.extreme-dm.com
t1.extreme-dm.com clk.tradedoubler.com t0.extreme-dm.com se.sitestat.com
nht-2.extreme-dm.com e2.extreme-dm.com e1.extreme-dm.com csh.actiondesk.com
u.heatmap.it www.moviedownloader.net cdn.adpacks.com rb.insightexpressai.com
www.insightexpress.com c1.thecounter.de track.clickon.co.il track.directleads.com
cdnads.cam4.com www.privdog.com rcm-images.amazon.com
ipcyachtingworldprod.122.2o7.net media.b.lead.program3.com www.sitestats.com
raahenseutu.jainos.fi db7.sitestats.com msninvite.112.2o7.net db5.sitestats.com
db3.sitestats.com gsp.count.brat-online.ro sitestats.com db4.net-filter.com
content.axill.com s29.sitemeter.com dl.futureus.com bank04.ads.dt.mydas.mobi
gtsads.com db2.net-filter.com bigstoreoffers.co.uk oasc16.247realmedia.com
radioems.ivwbox.de adv.rockstar.bg 5ivwbox.de verivox01.webtrekk.net linktarget.com
popupmoney.com itmcash.com s6.lebenna.com c6.amazingcounters.com inndl.com
openx.iamexpat.nl aa.newsblock.dt00.net clickbux.ru i.w55c.net cache.ad-serverparc.nl
williamhill.es zdnet.ivwbox.de gtb5.acecounter.com programs.wegcash.com
furious.adman.gr ab.5.p2l.info router.adlure.net webdata.vidz.com kazaa.com
www.adhood.com rvpadvertisingnetwork.com webtrends.randallpub.com
arsconsole.global-intermedia.com zoosextv.com click.revenuepilot.com
www.friendsearch.com tcm.affiliation-int.com st1.freeonlineusers.com
fast.mtvn.demdex.net mobile9.us.intellitxt.com allhiphop.us.intellitxt.com
discoverdemo.com www.ipcounter.de n.pcads.ru s32.sitemeter.com pc.adonweb.ru
www.popupmoney.com stat.active24stats.nl www.aim4media.com www.down42bucket.us
s106.cnzz.com a.answers.com www.zoo-fuck.net smartinit.webads.nl stat-tracker.net
www.sexleech.com neudesicmediagroup.com g-f5fun.count.brat-online.ro
www.promotion-campaigns.com cdn.engine.4dsply.com imads.ero-advertising.com
ad10.bannerbank.ru waldenfarms.com ads2.ero-advertising.com tracy.sadv.dadapro.com
piwik.cam-content.com api.adlure.net www.adcode.ws www.hey.lt
www.alladultdirectory.net killerstartups.us.intellitxt.com w6.extreme-dm.com
promo.bongacash.com radarurl.com adcontent.gamespy.com ads-nrc.adhese.com
feeds.rx-partners.biz img.ruclicks.com viabestweekever.112.2o7.net hubxt.pornhub.com
pub45.bravenet.com www.rewardszoneusa.com promos.newsok.com a32.g.a.yimg.com
www.ad-skills.nl funnelchair.com www.awmads.com cdn.heapanalytics.com www.exit-ad.de
bannerflow.com static.hotjar.com ads1.msn.com computertotaal.nl.intellitxt.com
de.realmedianetwork.net rpg.us.intellitxt.com georgewbush.112.2o7.net oto-search.com
cbronline.uk.intellitxt.com www.registrydefender.com richmedia.yimg.com
www.widebanner.com media.livepromotools.com whave.iptvdeals.com www.statsforever.com
cdn.undertone.com pagerank.scambiositi.com trovi.com botd2.wordpress.com
bannerexchange.troglod.com ads2.phonearena.com www.tgpmanager.com rankingscout.org
bbs.bjchun.com nend.net pingomatic.com url.nossopark.com.br www.fastusersonline.com
fast.de.demdex.net www.easycounter.com openx.4shared.com timeseg.modules.jumptime.com
www.adcell.de azoos.csheaven.com vg.tns-cs.net polaris.tns-cs.net contentz.mkt51.net
nrk.tns-cs.net mtg.tns-cs.net 1girl1pitcher.org na.tns-cs.net wrapper.teamxbox.com
med-tek.tns-cs.net kaboose.112.2o7.net lifescience.sysu.edu.cn hmortensen.tns-cs.net
eniro.tns-cs.net cm.cbsnews.overture.com rodale.d1.sc.omtrdc.net api.tns-cs.net
amedia.tns-cs.net tracker.cgiworld.net espn.footprint.net carisoprodol.hut1.ru
ultram.1.p2l.info adv.cgiworld.net atlasdmt.com hitlog2.chosun.com eas3.emediate.se
cad.chosun.com ar.atwola.com adgroup.naver.com food-offer.com
aumoautomotivecom.112.2o7.net ads3.jubii.dk www.ivewbox.de s1.rotaban.ru
feeds.my-secure-billing.com dx6.52z.com exchangecash.de static.unister-adservices.com
ads1.omdadget.com analytics-static.unister-gmbh.de bank06.ads.mp.mydas.mobi
www.lostartofbeingadame.com www.2.livejasmin.com static.creatives.livejasmin.com
red.as-eu.falkag.net live-cams-0.livejasmin.com mmismm.com iframes.awempire.com
tracking.fanbridge.com adson.awempire.com t.zqtk.net meiluziai.info
imgserv.adbutler.com www2.sellhealth.com search-phentermine.hpage.net
www.blogrankers.com stat005.mylivepage.com www.spyarsenal.com de.2.cqcounter.com
impressionaffiliate.mobi stat.superstat.info www.specialstat.com www.hiperstat.com
site-stats.i8.com www.freestat.ws rainbow-us.mythings.com www.bannersgomlm.com
bannersgomlm.com exchange.xbiz.com certify.alexametrics.com www.regdefense.com
huadn.hit.gemius.pl bannerco-op.com metrics.expressen.se sport1.wemfbox.ch
ads2.iweb.cortica.com www.thetraderinpajamas.com revotrack.revotas.com www.kixer.com
advertarium.com.ua www.admix.gr mswlspcmktdev.112.2o7.net oreo.iawsnetwork.com
idg.tns-cs.net srv.overlay-ad.com www.spywarecease.com metrics.vodafone.co.uk
www.yourdedicatedhost.com www.affbuzzads.com complex.us.intellitxt.com
images.topguncustomz.com a.monetate.net sascentral.com flttracksecure.com
mailforfreedom.com flashmediaportal.com www.coolwebstats.com coolwebstats.com
delivery.way2traffic.com mp.clicksor.net image1.cecash.com cdn.media.innity.net
asianread.com fb.cashtraffic.com dm.mlstat.com actvtrack.com msnads-wm9.fplive.net
moo.sitescout.com www.program3.com media.lead.program3.com ds.contextweb.com
s26.sitemeter.com lead.program3.com newyorkmagazine.112.2o7.net 404.prettyincash.com
30280827a.l2m.net internal.fuckyoucash.com nytglobe.112.2o7.net 404.fuckyoucash.com
ftvcash.com down2.feiyang163.com www.crakmedia.com kinofree.popunder.ru
corporate.crakmedia.com bde.be www4.smartadserver.com w.plugrush.com
mobile.plugrush.com linuxjournal.us.intellitxt.com www.searchforit.com
smartabouthealth.us.intellitxt.com d.plugrush.com www2.drunkenstepfather.com
www.admxr.com u.mdotlabs.com oacentral.cepro.com media.trafficfactory.biz
www.targetingnow.com clicktracks.com images.ads.whaleads.com
shawnewspapers.112.2o7.net stepnation.com adsadmin.corusradionetwork.com
proxy.blogads.com iframes.prettyincash.com www.specials-rewardpath.com
prettyboring.us.intellitxt.com ivwbo.de a.spicetv.com webmasters.h2porn.com
free.fuckbook.cm seventeen.co.za www.adtaily.com tracking.craktraffic.com
pal-item.us.intellitxt.com herezera.com newads.bangbros.com myao.adocean.pl
handbl.ivwbox.de adsgen.bangbros.com www.ruclicks.com www.realtextads.com
beldiplomcom.75.com1.ru realbannerads.com www.puppykibble.com exit.oxcash2.com
clicks2.oxcash.com oxcash.com adsfile.qq.com cz11.clickzzs.nl
physorg.uk.intellitxt.com aff.naughtyconnect.com easyadservice.com bgbaner.com
madbid.sitescoutadserver.com cz7.clickzzs.nl vom.sitescout.com
playfuls.uk.intellitxt.com revcontent.sitescout.com reboot.sitescout.com f8350e7c1.se
cialis.3.p2l.info mf.sitescout.com ib.mookie1.com bank16.ads.dt.mydas.mobi
g.promosrv.com ad-audit.tubemogul.com msnbe-hp.metriweb.be insightexpresserdd.com
countingstacks.com www.stats.net tf.nexac.com syndication.jsadapi.com www.gbcash.com
affiliate.ab1trk.com www.counti.de private.hotelcesenaticobooking.info
wm.maxysearch.info nana10digital.checkm8.com t3.marinsm.com kadirzerey.com
weltonline01.webtrekk.net 1de.cqcounter.com broadspring.com vnumedia01.webtrekk.net
track.webtrekk.de ad16.bannerbank.ru anahtars.com scripts.adultcheck.com
tiscaliadv01.webtrekk.net sapato01.webtrekk.net harmony-central.us.intellitxt.com
hit22.hotlog.ru prosieben01.webtrekk.net lastampa01.webtrekk.net jade01.webtrekk.net
st.magnify.net phentermine-online.iscool.nl handelsblatt01.webtrekk.net
www.utarget.co.uk douglas01.webtrekk.net guru3d.us.intellitxt.com cashcownetworks.com
s33.sitemeter.com applebox.co.id www.badassjv.com www.webstats4u.com
top1site.3host.com s36.sitemeter.com m1.webstats4u.com 599.stats.misstrends.com
advert.leo.org apnads.martiniadnetwork.com quickbrowsersearch.com
stepan007.popunder.ru www.computer-offer.net 5advertise.com ad2.firehousezone.com
freelaptopnation.com r.adc-serv.net adserver01.de adc-serv.net www.chrumedia.com
count38.51yes.com data.ero-advertising.com novellcom.112.2o7.net www.cloudtracked.com
apo.ero-advertising.com extntechnologies.us.intellitxt.com ww1.tongji123.com
track.zugo.com pcookie.taobao.com kermit.macnn.com www.rampidads.com
main.rampidads.com php4you.biz aripaee.adocean.pl www.outwar.com sigil.outwar.com
fabar.outwar.com sutra.newzfind.com www6.ezua.com rotor6.newzfind.com
www.specialgiftrewards.com www.zugo.com e.thanksearch.com www.startnow.com
c4.amazingcounters.com srch.startnow.com btn.clickability.com www.adwise.bg
s1.pracuj.adocean.pl nav.startnow.com enn.advertserve.com minisearch.startnow.com
www.fleshlightreviews.net becomedebtfree.com.au twnads.weather.ca go.startnow.com
gamersad.com milioner.popunder.ru launch.zugo.com profero.com s.amazon-adsystem.com
cdn.brsrvr.com sl-retargeting.adsonar.com 5.attilacrm.com www5.kampanyatakip.net
as.yl.impact-ad.jp edsa.122.2o7.net go.gba.bbelements.com www.yieldtraffic.com
collect.evisitanalyst.com rotator.nbjmp.com w38.am15.net bbcdn.go.pl.bbelements.com
bbcdn.go.evolutionmedia.bbelements.com go.goldbachpoland.bbelements.com
cluster013.ovh.net adserver-live.yoc.mobi merryholidays.org image.ugo.com
medhelpinternational.112.2o7.net www.the-discount-store.com containertags.belboon.de
pq-direct.revsci.net fishclix.com a.rfihub.com advertising.entensity.net
fr.cim.clickintext.net ri.5.p2l.info revsci.tvguide.com
world-trade-center.hawaiicity.com jsl.revsci.net www.work-offer.com
media.gsimedia.net t-ads.adap.tv tracking.skyword.com
gannettbroadcast.us.intellitxt.com rs.gwallet.com serviceo.comcast.net
freewebcounter.com divx.adbureau.net r.turn.com www.one-door.com www.omniture.com
cdn.static.youmiad.com click.rateit.com technologyreview.us.intellitxt.com
herbalaffiliateprogram.com click.mrrage.com www.xctrk.com ivwbnox.de
affiliates.date-connected.com delivery.first-impression.com edipresse.hit.gemius.pl
fusionads.net click.cheaperforyou.com tracknet.twyn.com softpedia.us.intellitxt.com
inline.admedia.com adv.aport.ru testapp.adhood.com footerroll.admedia.com
yads.zedo.com abcnews.footprint.net i.w.inmobi.com b.admedia.com
7bpeople.data.7bpeople.com media.nyadmcncserve-05y06a.com media.adlegend.com
ads1.erotism.com ivwbhox.de ww14.smartadserver.com u-ads.adap.tv
optiker-michelmann.de recs.richrelevance.com pfa.levexis.com ebdr3.com p.ebdr2.com
b3-uk.mookie1.com nmmerced.112.2o7.net bannerads.mantecabulletin.com vmn.net
p.chango.com proxy.ia4.marketscore.com showcount.honest.com msnmercom.112.2o7.net
exit.silvercash.com toofab.us.intellitxt.com guyscards.com oasad.cantv.net
adsremote.scripps.com connexity.net bluediamondoffers.com fdff44.t.axf8.net
djeps.popunder.ru e3f364.r.axf8.net sdc.acc.org urlstats.com c6530e.r.axf8.net
caea4e.r.axf8.net track.celeb.gate.cc b5057c.r.axf8.net www.click-see-save.com
b3a70b.t.axf8.net ab44aa.r.axf8.net 1018d7.r.axf8.net 9d060c.r.axf8.net
9dacbd.r.axf8.net admanager.carsoup.com network.business.com pureleads.com
www.tpt.edu.in 8d6274.t.axf8.net 8cb8a3.r.axf8.net 72d329.r.axf8.net
programme-tv.fr.intellitxt.com ofni.al0ne.info foxinteractivemedia.122.2o7.net
7ivwbox.de 5ebec5.r.axf8.net 5b008e.r.axf8.net 51af72.r.axf8.net fc.webmasterpro.de
adskape.ru www.your-gift-zone.com o.bluewin.ch 3bb4f0.r.axf8.net 332645.r.axf8.net
ccrgaviscom.112.2o7.net 276bf6.r.axf8.net mtrx.go.sonobi.com 247590.r.axf8.net
0f36f3.r.axf8.net 0d7292.r.axf8.net 064bdf.r.axf8.net 0532a9.r.axf8.net
s.webtrends.com horizon.mashable.com emea.rel.msn.com tracking.batanga.com
edmedsnow.com keisu02.eproof.com digital4ro.adocean.pl
www.pcbutts1.com an.worldbaseballclassic.com live-cams-1.livejasmin.com
keytarget.adnet.lt ads3.ipon.lt a.itpro.co.uk www.erodynamics.nl cstatic.weborama.fr
advertising.hiasys.com kz.search.need2find.com journalregistercompany.122.2o7.net
www.dutchsales.org samsclub33.pochta.ru kc.search.need2find.com www.0ivwbox.de
cfg.mywebsearch.com bar.mywebsearch.com mywebsearch.com
muscleandfitnesshers.us.intellitxt.com gamesites100.net bnkholic.112.2o7.net
netshelter.net albanytimesunion.122.2o7.net leader.linkexchange.com
www.mytotalsearch.com c.adforgeinc.com adsadmin.aspentimes.com bar.mytotalsearch.com
www.mysearch.com adservicestats.com help.mysearch.com www.funwebproducts.com
www2.zapadserver1.com buddies.funbuddyicons.com links.sexlist.com clicksor.com
z7752.com desk.opt.fimserve.com protection.lspolice.com utm.trk.zwinky.com
utm.zwinky.com f2nmycareer.112.2o7.net utm.webfetti.com thcextractor.com
creative.ad120m.com utm.smileycentral.com utm.trk.popswatter.com b.ads2.msads.net
megawerbung.de utm.myway.com wms-tools.com utm.trk.myfuncards.com utm.myfuncards.com
utm.excite.it utm.excite.co.uk utm.trk.cursormania.com diet.rodale.com
cm.need2find.com www.jl29jd25sm24mc29.com speedbar.myway.com c4.mysearch.com adnet.de
prizemachine.games.iwon.com lrytasadlt.hit.gemius.pl plus.iwon.com c4.iwon.com
as2.falkag.de metrics.car.com www.adxpansion.com www.freestats.tv
clients.bluecava.com cdn.targetfuel.com adsystem.simplemachines.org specificmedia.com
smp.specificmedia.com adserv.brandaffinity.net is2.websearch.com textad.net
om.metacrawler.com wsapi.infospace.com www.adtrix.com nmbelleville.112.2o7.net
www.res-x.com focus.met.vgwort.de anycracks.com bm.met.vgwort.de shareasale.com
de.ioam.de justns.com c1024.ic-live.com 113693url.displayadfeed.com
nytrworcester.112.2o7.net mmgads.com roitrack.adtrgt.com www.directnetadvertising.net
xmlpitstop.us.intellitxt.com tracking.roispy.com bargainpda.us.intellitxt.com
adsinimages.com test.coremetrics.com an.tacoda.net pos.baidu.com 25057.hittail.com
texas-hold-em.e-online-poker-4u.net url.adtrgt.com pxc.otto.de m.exactag.com
show.communiad.com 9571.hittail.com spinbox.versiontracker.com www.sexcount.de
plus.link4link.com s.visilabs.net link4link.com urbanglass.ro jetbluecom2.112.2o7.net
onlineads.magicvalley.com admon1.count.brat-online.ro tmslexus.112.2o7.net
error.intuitext.ro m8.au.2mdn.net adn.fusionads.net viva.count.brat-online.ro
realitatea.count.brat-online.ro t.extreme-dm.com hotnews.count.brat-online.ro
ad01.adonspot.com imitrex.4.p2l.info g-f5news.count.brat-online.ro
capital.count.brat-online.ro metric.angieslist.com bestjobs.count.brat-online.ro
sma.punto.net www.fun.lbn.ru onefm.count.brat-online.ro www.milesdebanners.com
advancedmn.us.intellitxt.com www.yceml.net 24fun.count.brat-online.ro
hitcounter01.xspp.com adserve.doteasy.com
telstra.imrworldwide.com y.analytics.yahoo.com download1.pacificpoker.com
www.merchantapp.com server-uk.imrworldwide.com fms2.eyewonder.speedera.net
vernoblisk.com cm.npc-lee.overture.com
adserving.muppetism.com server-stockh.imrworldwide.com www.zivwbox.de
server-sg.imrworldwide.com www.nitronetads.com pixel.adsafeprotected.com
server-oslo.imrworldwide.com cdn.dabhit.com www.ezthemes.com searchlistingpro.net
static.gfx.streamen.com freeticketcash.com server-lt.imrworldwide.com
cnhieagletribune.122.2o7.net impcz.tradedoubler.com keygen.us www.dialerplatform.com
net-radar.com cnomy.com gwd.lphbs.com m6.za.2mdn.net server-lv.imrworldwide.com
huludev.112.2o7.net casinorewards.com adtegrity.spinbox.net
server-ee.imrworldwide.com www.freecameraonus.com server-de.imrworldwide.com
www.mediahighway.net sdc.usps.com server-by.imrworldwide.com edge.simplereach.com
meatspin.biz secure-uk.imrworldwide.com secure-sg.imrworldwide.com
secure-it.imrworldwide.com secure-au.imrworldwide.com img-cdn.mediaplex.com
secure-asia.imrworldwide.com nt-es.imrworldwide.com ecard4all.com reklam.rfsl.se
caea4e.t.axf8.net abc.doublegear.com adverts.novatv.bg www3.clustrmaps.com
ads2.haber3.com advertisement.bg uproar.fortunecity.com ll.a.hulu.com
config1.veinteractive.com www.sendori.com advert.technews.bg uf2aasn.111adfueo.us
tracking.quisma.com sync.cmedia.s3.amazonaws.com mvmads.com ap.oasfile.aftenposten.no
roia.biz admeta.com www.noadnetwork.com thgalecom.112.2o7.net www.adultpopunders.com
dserver.hw.net ads7.advertwizard.com adultpopunders.com promo.pimproll.com
microsoftwlmobilemkt.112.2o7.net affiliates.yourapprovaltracker.com upstats.yadro.ru
webtrekk.mediaset.net omgnude.com code.directadvert.ru www.erotomania.org
project2.realtracker.com huliq.us.intellitxt.com bank18.ads.mp.mydas.mobi
bhgdiabeticliving.112.2o7.net www.cpaempire.com a3.websponsors.com
clips.coolerads.com www.etraffic.com netclickstats.com www.clickmanage.com
ox-d.beforeitsnews.com cdn.adplxmd.com 24trk.com app.super-links.net adseu.novem.pl
centricabritishgas.d3.sc.omtrdc.net www.directnicparking.com advzilla.com
cookingtiprewards.com dnads.directnic.com all2lnk.com admin.ads.t-online.de
earthlnkpsplive.122.2o7.net pixel.industrybrains.com hitboxwireless.com
a.ads.t-online.de red.ads.t-online.de bw.ads.t-online.de top-us.mconet.biz
top-sk.mconet.biz top-fr.mconet.biz secure.gaug.es www.best-top.hu uk.best-top.biz
sk.best-top.biz ru.best-top.biz pixel.parsely.com it.best-top.biz
servedby.indiads.com www.lomalindasda.org ads1.activeagent.at track-711.trafiz.net
stat.axelspringer.hu brighthub.us.intellitxt.com p0.raasnet.com s19.sitemeter.com
secure.expressdelivery.biz top-casting-termine.de tas-si.toboads.com
err.spring-tns.net jsc.mgid.com track.lativio.com tas-hr.toboads.com
www.is1.clixgalore.com a796faee-7163-4757-a34f-e5b48cada4cb.statcamp.net
tas-cz.toboads.com adsys.townnews.com segment-data.zqtk.net tas-bg.toboads.com
s30.sitemeter.com gpaper144.112.2o7.net tas-ba.toboads.com adtier.toboads.com
idm.hit.gemius.pl ta.at.ic5mp.net imagec10.247realmedia.com
wrestling-edge.us.intellitxt.com bank20.ads.dt.mydas.mobi relay-mk.ads.httpool.com
adtrak.net relay-ks.ads.httpool.com ox-d.popmatters.com u1817.16.spylog.com
relay-cz.ads.httpool.com relay-ba.ads.httpool.com hit40.hotlog.ru www.spunkycash.com
hit30.hotlog.ru hit29.hotlog.ru hit28.hotlog.ru hit25.hotlog.ru
pixel.ingest.at.atwola.com hit24.hotlog.ru cc9905.counter.hackers.lv
t3.trackalyzer.com www.best-top.ro crispads.com hit23.hotlog.ru
statse.webtrendslive.com cm.marketgid.com csharpcorner.us.intellitxt.com
ad3.adfarm1.adition.com hit21.hotlog.ru hgads.com www.e-traffic.com
advertisingbay.com hit20.hotlog.ru v4.cnzz.com www.adszooks.com hit16.hotlog.ru
ads2.radiocompanion.com hit15.hotlog.ru hit14.hotlog.ru 25184.hittail.com
hit10.hotlog.ru count46.51yes.com hit9.hotlog.ru rckymtnnws.112.2o7.net
hit8.hotlog.ru netzeitu.ivwbox.de hit6.hotlog.ru fr.sitestat.com hit3.hotlog.ru
hit2.hotlog.ru www.masterspace.biz hit1.hotlog.ru suddenplot.com hit.hotlog.ru
click.hotlog.ru de.demdex.net tracker.u-link.me pixel.mathtag.com rotabanner.com
axsrv.com www.adroz.com abs.proxistore.com abs.beweb.com tracker.databrain.com
geo.precisionclick.com metric.olivegarden.com xxx-r.com api.7segments.com
px.adhigh.net topqualitylink.com www.visit-tracker.com crackzplanet.com
gm.touchclarity.com gdebg.hit.gemius.pl yieldmanager.net adyoulike.omnitagjs.com
crm.pinion.gg www.disable-uac.com blingbucks.com rtbpop.com corelcom.112.2o7.net
pixel.admedia.com s2.shinystat.it b.grabo.bg efanguide.us.intellitxt.com
tube8vidshrw.dnset.com www.3guys1hammer.ws mr-rank.de www.hugetraffic.com
www-old.hugetraffic.com nmfortworth.112.2o7.net www.xbn.ru grab.nastydollars.com
promos.meetlocals.com ajakkirj.spring-tns.net adbcache.brandreachsys.com
delta.rspcdn.com adv.all-free-download.com promos.fling.com br.rk.com
pcinpact.fr.intellitxt.com track.realitykings.com jiwtmj.122.2o7.net
br.realitykings.com tube8vidsnvd.ddns.name mdnhinc.com yoursmartrewards.com
clicks.nastydollars.com market2.the-adult-company.com apps.nastydollars.com
kaizentraffic.com gif.hitx.net traff1.com mtvu.112.2o7.net br.fling.com adb.fling.com
sureads.com www.bluediamondoffers.com www.pills-home.com xchange.ro
clicks.equantum.com www.virtumundo.com postgazette.247realmedia.com
media.brandreachsys.com mad2.brandreachsys.com lg1.brandreachsys.com
dynamic.cannedbanners.com adc.brandreachsys.com wizard.liveperson.com
adbucks.brandreachsys.com www.homeoffun.com seekbang.com scdsfdfgdr12.tk
tmserver-1.com rk.revolvermaps.com www.statsector.hu counter23.bravenet.com
taniezakupy.pl ri.revolvermaps.com rg.revolvermaps.com ibvwbox.de www.winaproduct.com
hardwarezone.us.intellitxt.com denguru.us.intellitxt.com www.searchent.net
creatrixads.com jk.revolvermaps.com froling.bee.pl jb9clfifs6.s.ad6media.fr
ji.revolvermaps.com www.opinionlab.com jg.revolvermaps.com metrics.sky.com
adipex.24sws.ws ewsabilene.112.2o7.net askjolene.ero-advertising.com
adv-banner.libero.it hngn.com.us.intellitxt.com sa1.ipon.lt d1.zedo.com
jd.revolvermaps.com ja.revolvermaps.com sgmedia.adspirit.net static.httpool.com.mk
www.tracklead.net lidlretargeting.adspirit.de admention.adspirit.de
8574dnj3yzjace8c8io6zr9u3n.hop.clickbank.net nmcolumbia.112.2o7.net taz.adspirit.de
kyrsu.frost-electric-supply.com limg.adspirit.de w47.am15.net cz4.clickzzs.nl
pl.search.etargetnet.com r.refinedads.com go.jetswap.com exityield.advertise.com
rnbdirt.us.intellitxt.com bestsites.net.ru adstest.reklamstore.com ivwbozx.de
tbstv.112.2o7.net www.adshost3.com adclick.hit.gemius.pl uole.ad.uol.com.br
www.comclick.com fl01.ct2.comclick.com secure-dk.imrworldwide.com ct2.comclick.com
moviehole.us.intellitxt.com bdx.comclick.com 0.r.msn.com mdstaugustine.112.2o7.net
aolcommem.122.2o7.net br.comclick.com ittoolbox.us.intellitxt.com www.weitclick.de
zu-yuan.com afx.tagcdn.com www.sitecounter.be www.ist-track.com s12.cnzz.com
metrics.fnac.es de1.frosmo.com advbox.biz northwesternfoods.com
creativeby2.unicast.com adserver-5.ig.com.br wmapp.wiredminds.de www.stats4free.de
dc61.s290.meetrics.net www.adserver.home.pl rrpartners.122.2o7.net
adcentre.it-advanced.com ww400.smartadserver.com abruzzoinitaly.co.uk adobur.net
r.ad6media.fr target.smi2.net autoweb.112.2o7.net f2.p0y.com s300.meetrics.net
balakin.popunder.ru www.tcimg.com target.e-generator.com www.gradportal.org
ws.tapjoyads.com s.analytics.yahoo.com cdn.contentspread.net baypops.com
webmaster.utherverse.com metrics.imvu.com bbcdn.code.new.smartcontext.pl
sher.index.hu www.adversal.com 8d6274.r.axf8.net advombat.ru www.barilliance.net
media.adcarousel.pl img.propellerads.com cdn.siftscience.com www8.addfreestats.com
gaae.hit.gemius.pl stats-newyork1.bloxcms.com myfreedinner.com ads3.moitepari.bg
triangle.dealsaver.com mp.apmebf.com c2.thecounter.com www.fickads.net smartclip.com
rainbow.mythings.com hartim.com hits.europuls.eu www.adbuka.com st.ad.smaclick.com
ivwbock.de macobserver.us.intellitxt.com s1.my.adocean.pl count.yandeg.ru
a.mobile.toboads.com code.adtlgc.com w25.am15.net adman.se buy-vicodin.iscool.nl
openads.motorrad-net.at m01.oix.com openx.itsmassive.com www.sonnoli.com
ads17.hyperbanner.net wm.wiredminds.de static.crowdscience.com ads2.opensubtitles.org
botd.wordpress.com jokedollars.com avazudsp.net adnetwork.nextgen.net imp.adzonk.com
video1.adprimemedia.com dl.downf468.com xblasterads1.com
legitreviews.uk.intellitxt.com aetrk.com us-sonar.sociomantic.com ngastatic.com
app3.rutarget.ru www.freezemedia.com winmpmain.112.2o7.net www.ivwblox.de
mp.pianomedia.eu mix-test.uts.ngdata.com advertising.fussball-liveticker.eu
adsfeed3.brabys.co.za online-poker-game.petrovka.info show.smartcontext.pl
th0h.blejythecounyful.net lo2.me connectionlead.com s62.research.de.com fromru.su
eaglemiles.112.2o7.net st.wetrack.it m1.nedstatpro.net s1.czgde.adocean.pl
switch.rtbsystem.com scrooge.wftv.com splitter.ndsplitter.com track.adform.com
tracking.admail.am statistic.adcat.biz static1.adcat.biz advertising.bayoubuzz.com
adserv.qconline.com hr.static.etargetnet.com traffic.webtrafficagents.com
cz.static.etargetnet.com adserver2.atman.pl lmcd.us.intellitxt.com
ro.search.etargetnet.com scienceworldreport.us.intellitxt.com www.blogtoplist.com
x5.xclicks.net nspmotion.com hr.search.etargetnet.com cz.search.etargetnet.com
adsvr.deviantart.com aumointernetautoguidecom.112.2o7.net m5.za.2mdn.net
m8.uk.2mdn.net cdn.adosx.com log2.quintelligence.com homehre.tripod.com
logos.libstat.com www.qitrck.com www.linksalpha.com microsoft.com32.info
nojsstats.appspot.com ip-geo.appspot.com v2.ads3.ipon.lt bhgquilting.112.2o7.net
c2c738.r.axf8.net c.admob.com pipedream.wistia.com lptag.liveperson.net
cm.ibs.overture.com www.linkcounter.com www30a3.glam.com
theinquirer.uk.intellitxt.com bonuscashh.com l1.zedo.com crtl.aimatch.com
kitaratrk.com metrics.flyingmag.com bumerangshowsites.hurriyet.com.tr
clickserve.us2.dartsearch.net affiliate.2mdn.net mm.admob.com
saxoorklamedia.122.2o7.net www.bt.emsecure.net www.yoursmartrewards.com
chicagosuntimes.122.2o7.net searskmartcom.112.2o7.net mtv.nuggad.net
www.incestgold.com doubleclick.ne.jp adimages.scrippsnetworks.com
sifomedia.aftonbladet.se api.nanigans.com analytics.juggle.com
cooltechzone.us.intellitxt.com forumediainc.us.intellitxt.com noobgirls.com
bank.scarf-it-up.com vistabet-affiliate.host.bannerflow.com fast.cbsi.demdex.net
stat008.mylivepage.com adbanner.ro advertisingpurchase.com gcirm.tucson.com
te.mysanantonio.com cdn.chitika.net top.artcomix.com ad1.yomiuri.co.jp
metrics.landolakes.com i1.teaser-goods.ru southcoasttodaycom.112.2o7.net
102.112.207.net pix.tagcdn.com gnspf.com countryteam66.perso.sfr.fr
triangleservicesltd.com promotion.partnercash.de advert.eurotip.cz
imageads.sexmoney.com clickserve.uk.dartsearch.net t4.trackalyzer.com newbie.com
viper.popunder.ru a.unanimis.co.uk clickserve.eu.dartsearch.net creative.cc-dt.com
n339.asp-cc.com rmcdn.f.2mdn.net images1.cliqueclack.com m1.2mdn.net
gamesindustry.uk.intellitxt.com track.hubrus.com aax-us-east-rtb.amazon-adsystem.com
www.dgmaustralia.com lesechos.ezakus.net pc2.yumenetworks.com uidbox.uimserv.net
ad1.yourmedia.com switch.d-agency.net spinbox.freedom.com www.handyarchive.com
analytics.femalefirst.co.uk www.everestjs.net moviesonline.ca.intellitxt.com
cdn.turn.com fastclick.com.edgesuite.net media1.ancestry.com sysadmin.map24.com
digitalhome.us.intellitxt.com cpx.v1.de.euserv.adaos-ads.net
courierpostonline.us.intellitxt.com www.nalook.com cs.prd.msys.playstation.net
531.xg4ken.com eapogocom.112.2o7.net www.sports-offer.net meridia.3.p2l.info
viewcount.v1.de.euserv.adaos-ads.net dailyheraldpaddockpublication.112.2o7.net
delfilv.hit.gemius.pl pro.hit.gemius.pl wtvertnet.com sp.analytics.yahoo.com
zebutal.1.p2l.info js.convertale.com go.pol.bbelements.com
horoscope.us.intellitxt.com ox-d.sidereel.com s50.sitemeter.com beacon-5.newrelic.com
rek.www.wp.pl handbagcom.skimlinks.com homesteadtechnologies.122.2o7.net
www.broadspring.com promotools.globalmailer.com s.stats.wordpress.com adventory.com
wss.hbpl.co.uk www.win-spy.com 3463.hittail.com wam-ads.sitescout.com
www.bannersxchange.com 1priest1nun.com adtrade.net d1.windows8downloads.com
freestats.tv pixel1370.everesttech.net online-casino.webpark.pl
www.shops-malls-rewardpath.com cacheserve.williamhill.com aolgamedaily.122.2o7.net
a.wikia-beacon.com mlbatlanta.112.2o7.net sciamglobal.112.2o7.net wikia-ads.wikia.com
s.krebsonsecurity.com pixels.livingsocial.com traffic.shareaholic.com
thinlaptoprewards.com www.buzzclick.com www.website-hit-counters.com
citrix.market2lead.com dynad.website.bg s.clickability.com logo.webservis.gen.tr
i.imedia.cz stattrack.0catch.com popunder.fpctraffic.com allegro.hit.gemius.pl
bank07.ads.dt.mydas.mobi aerlingus2.solution.weborama.fr
www.recreation-leisure-rewardpath.com metric.bizjournals.com www.eliteconcepts.com
estoa.frost-electric-supply.com vidnet.us.intellitxt.com media2.travelzoo.com
phpads.astalavista.us sc.independent.co.uk clictrafic.com
www.searchignite.com webmarketing3x.net www.holidayshoppingrewards.com
water-bed.8p.org.uk track.fling.com sapatoru.widget.criteo.com getspecialgifts.com
veksi.barginginfrance.net images.cybereps.com data.webads.co.nz
wi-fitechnology.uk.intellitxt.com j.2525ocean.com tracking.waterfrontmedia.com
www.scanmyphones.com server.iad.liveperson.net cts-secure.channelintelligence.com
media-1.vpptechnologies.com garu.hit.gemius.pl c.thestat.net beacon.affil.walmart.com
msnportalvideo.112.2o7.net ad4.bigmir.net w.l.qq.com sexyoilwrestling.com
nsrecord.org freerestaurantprovider.com jsp.clickzs.com www.xxxbannerswap.com
alleyezonme-collection.buzzfeed.com tube8vidssyg.dnset.com adservant.guj.de
forrestersurveys.com livetracker.voanews.eu tomshardware.fr.intellitxt.com
hr-engine.xclaimwords.net ds.cybereps.com mbank.hit.gemius.pl www.visitor-track.com
www.admixxer.com tracking.hubspot.com z1.adserver.com anet.tradedoubler.com
livingsocial.sp1.convertro.com adssrv.nationmultimedia.com pilmedia.ads.visionweb.no
www.popboxads.com nitrous.internetfuel.com www.dataforce.net metrics.politico.com
safe-es.imrworldwide.com 4.periziavela.com tds.trafflow.com top-ua.mconet.biz
sm9.sitemeter.com chappel.videogamer.com scrippsbathvert.112.2o7.net
c.eblastengine.com omn.sonypictures.com pixel.advertising.com ab.vendemore.com
tbohiphop.us.intellitxt.com v.velaro.com rc.de.adlink.net westeins.ivwbox.de
vclicks.net ad6.bigmir.net nmfresno.112.2o7.net supercars.us.intellitxt.com
openads.utv.bg www.adtrader.com olivesmarket.com dreamad.org
media-0.vpptechnologies.com facebookinc.122.2o7.net s01.flagcounter.com
crisptic01.net www.adserver.jolt.co.uk nexus.ensighten.com vs.dmtracker.com
adj37.thruport.com www.ojrq.net cs.exitmonitor.com bextra-store.shengen.ru
adv.novinar.bg www.ontheweb.com eyewond.fcod.llnwd.net www.awltovhc.com
stat.flashtalking.com www.lzjl.com ww4.tongji123.com exogripper.com indium.openx.net
tracking.percentmobile.com tn.adserve.com targad.de t.adk2.com adimgs.sapo.pt
mi9.gscontxt.net ox-d.photobucket.com oasis2.advfn.com t.254a.com cdn.adbooth.net
4654.2465.primosearch.com sobolev.net.ru rum-collector.pingdom.net chuknu.sokrati.com
www.games-toys-free.com stat.dyna.ultraweb.hu t23.intelliad.de track.shop2market.com
www.adultbanners.co.uk srv.uk.znaptag.com 2.marketbanker.com pq.stat.ku6.com
rainbow-geo-p.mythings.com fe3-gc.imrworldwide.com abandonment.saas.seewhy.com
journalism.uk.smarttargetting.com counts.tucows.com a.company-target.com
static.firehunt.com s.innovid.com cnn.entertainment.printthis.clickability.com
zsc.scmspain.com metrics.bhg.com search4you.50webs.com ag.yieldoptimizer.com
femaleviagra.findmenow.info iesb.us.intellitxt.com o1.inviziads.com
celebritymound.us.intellitxt.com hitiz.com top90.ro www.webcompteur.com
pub28.bravenet.com adotube.com hitbox.realclearpolitics.com pixel.redditmedia.com
lp4.linkpulse.com codeads.com s80.cnzz.com vis.sexlist.com a.imonomy.com tyroo.com
www.sellmeyourtraffic.com cdn.spectate.com pageurl.btrll.com adserer.ihigh.com
gdyn.cnngo.com systemscheckusa.com cdn.boomtrain.com www.ugdturner.com
jptracking.elasticbeanstalk.com kixer.com gm.mmstat.com www.lsmmtrk.com
phpadsnew.abac.com nytrtuscaloosa.112.2o7.net mediamayhemcorp.com purethc.com
wwv.onetad.com www.splem.net 1839.ic-live.com intnet-offer.com nedstatpro.net
content.ad-flow.com w16.am15.net dev.wrathofshadows.net www.mp3helpdesk.com
adpepper.dk adimg.pixazza.com online-tarot-reading.beesearch.info static.adk2.com
phoenix-adrunner.mycomputer.com t.bbtrack.net static.etracker.com
employ22.112.2o7.net static.itrack.it www.pstats.com events.webflowmetrics.com
networkmedical.com.hk www.megacounter.de idvisitor.ksat.com analyzer51.fc2.com
serve.prestigecasino.com didacticro.count.brat-online.ro img.pulsemgr.com
analytics.shareaholic.com up.nytimes.com oz.valueclick.com mgtbo.112.2o7.net
media.ftv-publicite.fr s282.meetrics.net 2leep.com optimized.by.vitalads.net
www.aureate.com images.bmnq.com pornstarss.tk api.opencandy.com log3.optimizely.com
adro.hit.gemius.pl uniclick.openv.com si.hit.gemius.pl abp.smartadcheck.de
homepage.t-online.de partner.friendsearch.com anchor.stailamedia.com
cts.lipixeltrack.com adtactics.com pcookie.cnzz.com baublebar.sp1.convertro.com
ads-local.sixapart.com creative.adbooth.net topcasino10.com imgad3.3conline.com
ad2.emediate.se api.demandbase.com bwp.lastfm.com.com a.dpmsrv.com bn.bfast.com
px.dynamicyield.com hx.hexun.com ads2.victoriaadvocate.com www.3difx.com
www.adquest3d.com beacon.examiner.com 4.whereinsicilia.com rtr.innovid.com
c.jsrdn.com msnbcom.112.2o7.net ad5.speedbit.com entertainmentwise.us.intellitxt.com
rainbow-uk.mythings.com www.othersonline.com revstats.com
ads2.advance.net search34.info.com dis.sv.us.criteo.com
alternativos.iw-advertising.com js.srcsmrtgs.com cashengines.com ghmpl.hit.gemius.pl
reklam.star.com.tr api.wipmania.com static.pulse360.com adserver1.sonymusiceurope.com
analytics.wishabi.ca i.interia.pl santacruzsuspension.com aidu.ivwbox.de
gaby.hit.gemius.pl t.acxiom-online.com action.mathtag.com p.pxl2015x1.com
n9bcd.ads.tremorhub.com dbbsrv.com cmads.sv.publicus.com xfotosx01.fromru.su
hostedads.realitykings.com app.yieldify.com tracker.freecharge.in i.cdnpark.com
1867.stats.misstrends.com wfpscripts.webspectator.com www.mb01.com
pstats.blogworks.com voken.eyereturn.com ford.demdex.net cgi.sexlist.com
bank17.ads.dt.mydas.mobi www9.servequake.com scripts.mycounter.ua rtrgt2.com
click.plista.com get1.0111box.info list.ru miva.com cmx.tw.yahoo.overture.com
phpadsnew.wn.com system.adquick.nl blackfalcon3.net s.206ads.com jvwbox.de
mp.5.p2l.info load.scanscout.com pink.habralab.ru ib.3lift.com down.guangsu.cn
bigads.guj.de fotolog.crwdcntrl.net www.adbooth.com cdn.adengage.com sinoa.com
office.ad1.ru code.adengage.com advs.adgorithms.com brandreachsys.com innatek.com
tube8vidsqof.ddns.name portalfiremasters.com.br cnad4.economicoutlook.net
ad132m.adk2.co e.yieldmanager.net static.adsnative.com webwise.com
mp3playersource.com www.friend-cards.com adm.xmfish.com demo.vertexinfo.in
www.adotube.com p.vibrant.co wppluginspro.com pol.bbelements.com
measure.richmetrics.com exitsplash.s3.amazonaws.com pageurl-brx.btrll.com
dating.friendsearch.com www.bar.ry2002.02-ry014.snpr.hotmx.hair.zaam.net
www.ifwbox.de vw.btrll.com janezk.50webs.co www.criteo.com cdn.bttrack.com
advertising.justusboys.net cc12797.counter.hackers.lv emailadvantagegroup.com
stats2.lightningcast.net www.topadult.ro adklip.com teletari.ivwbox.de
idvisitor.click2houston.com counter32.bravenet.com matomy.adk2.co
d1l6p2sc9645hc.cloudfront.net sr2.liveperson.net www.designbloxlive.com
dl1.ezthemes.com www9.trickip.org spixel.adsafeprotected.com
d5nxst8fruw4z.cloudfront.net st.valueclick.com c.ca.msn.com
livenation.sp1.convertro.com multi.xnxx.com p.cpx.to youtuhe.com
perfspot.crwdcntrl.net getdatanetukscan.info td.demdex.net v10.xmlsearch.miva.com
www4.glam.com loltrain.com gw003.lphbs.com omnituretrack.local.com
tiscali.js.ad.dotandad.com gravityexp.com mycleanpc.tk c1349.ic-live.com pennyweb.com
harvest284.adgardener.com ww1003.smartadserver.com m7.fi.2mdn.net www.primosearch.com
www.tons-to-see.com sunonesearch.112.2o7.net a.cbc.ca cdn.investingchannel.com
www.klixmedia.com pixel.rubiconproject.com cz7.clickzs.com contentz.mkt941.com
business.msnbc.us.intellitxt.com w.mlv-cdn.com madclient.uimserv.net
www.buildtraffic.com zdbb.netshelter.net adnxs.com toolbar.adperium.com ad4.gueb.com
pagefair.com ciclismovalenciano.com asg08.casalemedia.com count.cgiworld.net
cdn.itrengia.com s.ppjol.net cl-c.netseer.com www.free-banners.com site-stats.rbl.ms
officer.us.intellitxt.com si.2.cqcounter.com zads.zedo.com 1es.cqcounter.com
emaxhealth.us.intellitxt.com www.stat.pl tracking.dsmmadvantage.com www.adipics.com
gcirm.gannett-tv.com cdn.sail-horizon.com osc.optimize.webtrends.com
mobile.smartadserver.com s.arclk.net sol.adbureau.net a4.mediagra.com cdn.teads.tv
ae.adserver.yahoo.com 24809.hittail.com geo.sanoma.fi acim.moqhixoz.cn
saxotech.122.2o7.net fi.sitestat.com partner.ah-ha.com cdn.userreport.com
wsc1.webspectator.com hotel-las-vegas.gloses.net ohees.buyyourbtc.com icptrack.com
m2k.ru computerhilfen.de.intellitxt.com www.zergnet.com www.yourxmasgifts.ru
ballsack.org c.atdmt.com www.ivwvox.de mysavings.directtrack.com www.scoremygift.com
udmserve.net www.fuck.org livestats.atlanta-airport.com cdn.adual.net ivwboxt.de
imgad2.3conline.com cache.btrll.com sport-betting-online.hitslog.net r.chitika.net
rmgparcelforcecom.112.2o7.net www.casinoonnet.com static.carbonads.com
cdn.siteanalytics.evolvemediametrics.com s.cxt.ms w23.am15.net
links.services.disqus.com www.xxx-hitz.org adsmarket.com 108411.hittail.com
hutchmedia.t.domdex.com dev.flurry.com mt12.mtree.com creative.whi.co.nz
saxotelegraph.122.2o7.net vpmc.122.2o7.net otclick-adv.ru
buyfioricetonline.bigsitecity.com st.n.ads3-adnow.com www.guptamedianetwork.com
aolv.hit.gemius.pl phorm.biz.tr content.mkt941.com configusa.veinteractive.com
cpxadroit.com amare.softwaregarden.com ps2.ign.us.intellitxt.com log.adap.tv
37.adsonar.com lighthouse2k.com auslieferung.commindo-media-ressourcen.de
tracker.mozo.com.au i.ligatus.com server4.web-stat.com ng.virgul.com dni.agcdn.com
www.bettertextads.com cc.bridgetrack.com adv.domino.it www.wtp101.com
popunder.paypopup.com srs.targetpoint.com c7.adforgeinc.com orca.qubitproducts.com
farm.plista.com galt.hit.gemius.pl partner.shareaholic.com www.food-offer.com
cnet.us.intellitxt.com trial-collector.snplow.com www.fabioalbini.com adx.atnext.com
ww206.smartadserver.com geobanner.friendfinder.com 1man2needles.com view.binlayer.com
tracking.sokrati.com konnect.videoplaza.tv bighop.com www.customersupporthelp.com
checktraf.com track.youniversalmedia.com www.top300.ro adstrac.adk2x.com
cracksplanet.com promos.wealthymen.com secure.adwebster.com securite.01net.com
cntr.adrime.com adlt.hit.gemius.pl ips-invite.iperceptions.com pixiedust.buzzfeed.com
alt.impresionesweb.com buycom.122.2o7.net mazdaworld.us.intellitxt.com
partner03.oingo.com b.siftscience.com ww38.smartadserver.com labs.natpal.com
ortaklik.mynet.com www.bizographics.com sdc.dn.no zc.zeroredirect1.com ranking-id.de
t.tellapart.com rankingscout.com adtago.s3.amazonaws.com textads.sexmoney.com
load.s3.amazonaws.com cjlog.com xanaxxanax.3xforum.ro tgptraffic.biz
www.games-toys-rewardpath.com vancouversun-com.c.richmetrics.com glb.adtechus.com
www.ivwboxp.de trk.cetrk.com asset.pagefair.com www.cpays.com f.about.com
gannettwisconsin.us.intellitxt.com m.sancdn.net seks-partner.com
arthritis.atspace.com cdn.adgear.com fhg.digitaldesire.com e.sexad.net
www.netpumper.com looksmartcollect.247realmedia.com streamstats1.blinkx.com
adsense.clicking.com.tw ariel1.spaceprogram.com military.us.intellitxt.com
s.adroll.com www.ad-net.co.uk www.supersonicads.com www.kvwbox.de
media.superstats.com laptoprewards.com vodafoneit.solution.weborama.fr
feed.topadvert.ru u.optorb.com mercury.tiser.com.au usapromotravel.com
www.hitexchange.net gdyn.cnn.com buyfioricetonline.freeservers.com gdyn.nascar.com
www.phoenixads.co.in pod.infinitypersonals.com analytics.atdmt.com
media.adrevolver.com n5.adshostnet.com wap.advertising.com
opera1-servedby.advertising.com bf.mocda1.com www.contextualclicks.com
bank09.ads.dt.mydas.mobi www.thesearchster.com gdyn.veryfunnyads.com
atlanticmedia.122.2o7.net ad-servicestats.net redherring.ngadcenter.net
newyorkandcompany.112.2o7.net digistats.westjet.com www.star-advertising.com
toplista.mw.hu mrpeter.it be.sitestat.com www.oix.net hiq.fotolog.com bannerspace.com
wc0x83ghk.homepage.t-online.de www.ademails.com vendorweb.citibank.com
ead.sharethis.com redir.adsonar.com onestat.com homes.bg ameritradeogilvy.112.2o7.net
origin2.adsdk.com creative.ad134m.com mirrorcoukcelebs.skimlinks.com
leadback.advertising.com ad1.bustcash.com ypn-js.overture.com smrtpxl.advertising.com
pr.atwola.com tally.upsideout.com mgjmp.com www.net-pratique.fr helios.gamerdna.com
server1.adpolestar.net conds.ru 1000ps.oewabox.at
buy-hydrocodone-cheap-hydrocodone-online.com directorym.com js-agent.newrelic.com
atvplus.oewabox.at www.insurance-rewardpath.com rts.doublepimp.com e.targetfuel.com
vwbox.de trendmicroeuropa01.webtrekk.net oe24.oewabox.at dl.getprivate.net
nuptialimages.com w10.centralmediaserver.com salzburg.oewabox.at tirolcom.oewabox.at
t-orf.oewabox.at canwestglobal.112.2o7.net purryowl.com v.landingzone.se
script.yeb.biz vb4dsa.net www.nysubwayoffer.com hits.eluniversal.com.mx
ad-serverparc.nl shoac.mymag250.co.uk www.affordablewebsitetraffic.com luxcart.ro
gug.ku6cdn.com secure.media6degrees.com y.cdn.adblade.com ad02.adonspot.com
peakclick.com 3amcouk.skimlinks.com xtremetop100.com
saxowatertowndailytimes.122.2o7.net c.compete.com faq-candrive.tk
dischannel.112.2o7.net asg07.casalemedia.com www.clicksagent.com
server3.103092804.com canottowa.112.2o7.net bannieres.acces-contenu.com
cheatingdome.us.intellitxt.com bien-vivre-en-sarladais.com t.channeladvisor.com
www.popunder.com sitemerkezi.net www.down1oads.com js7.clickzzs.nl
registrydefenderplatinum.com bizad.nikkeibp.co.jp go.adversal.com
180searchassistant.com celebslam.us.intellitxt.com m5.fr.2mdn.net ib.adnxs.com
action.media6degrees.com www.cellphoneincentives.com pcash.wildmatch.com
a.triggit.com dev.targetpoint.com naughtyadserve.com hlcc.ca
lifetimecollect.insightfirst.com utsdpp.persgroep.net gam.adnxs.com
offers.affiliatetraction.com nl.cqcounter.com thoughtfully-free.com
premium-offers.com bans.bride.ru s.ad131m.com go.accmgr.com bg.2.cqcounter.com
mob.adnxs.com linkjumps.com m4.de.2mdn.net finanzmeldungen.com
spinbox.techtracker.com imagesn02.247realmedia.com b.rmgserving.com
counter49.bravenet.com tk.ads.mmondi.com wa.essent.nl sony.tcliveus.com
gtp1.acecounter.com www.textads.biz metrics.accuweather.com amdzone.us.intellitxt.com
m2.sg.2mdn.net bannerads.standard.net zip.er.cz asm3.z1.adserver.com
www.montacarichi.it mt11.mtree.com spi.domainsponsor.com adv.virgilio.it
www.juicyads.com buylortabonline.bigsitecity.com rot2.imoti.net adi.mainichi.co.jp
bielertb.wemfbox.ch si.wemfbox.ch d8.zedo.com kaartenhuis.nl.site-id.nl
sb.voicefive.com p.ace.advertising.com us.h1.yimg.com www2.smartadserver.com
ox-d.mm1x.nl evepdbrazossports.112.2o7.net www5.smartadserver.com w95.am15.net
www6.smartadserver.com si.nuggad.net ww150.smartadserver.com ad2.lbn.ru
beautyden.us.intellitxt.com s4.histats.com www.codeads.com smart.styria-digital.com
pl.spanel.gem.pl bd0dc.v.fwmrm.net sportsillustrated.tags.crwdcntrl.net
29bca6cb72a665c8.se hanulsms.com adm.funshion.com
flashbanners.static.ard.xxxblackbook.com cdn.tapstream.com nctracking.com
images.bravenet.com adcounter.theglobeandmail.com m9.uk.2mdn.net static.freenet.de
redirect.ad-feeds.com ewebcounter.com
circuit.advertserve.com a5.mediagra.com creatives.livejasmin.com
counter22.bravenet.com vcipo.info www.searchebuy.com searchmarketing.com
www.topauto10.com ads2.collegclub.com hosting-controlnext.tk specialonlinegifts.com
api.stathat.com prizes.co.uk tube8vidsowd.dnset.com preteensite.com
railads.scripps.com vibe.us.intellitxt.com wangmeng.baidu.com ad5.bigmir.net
www.clustrmaps.com omni.cash.ch a.goember.com gscounters.gigya.com
imagec08.247realmedia.com adi.bigmir.net pong.qubitproducts.com jgoyk.cjt1.net
counter2.bravenet.com suads.sulekha.com utmtrk2.smileycentral.com
counter6.bravenet.com www.casalemedia.com hi.pacehillel.org openx.sexsearchcom.com
toms.us.intellitxt.com groupon.pl counter7.bravenet.com kona4.kontera.com
redirect.clickshield.net www2.kampanyatakip.net adgeo.163.com counter25.bravenet.com
www.ivsbox.de www.gameconsolerewards.com counter35.bravenet.com
counter48.bravenet.com s65.cnzz.com ligatus.com micraamber.net whaleads.com
www4search.net pub2.bravenet.com 4134.hittail.com pub23.bravenet.com
www.greasypalm.com nh.5.p2l.info pub31.bravenet.com proton-tm.com c1.rfihub.net
pepelacer.computingservices123.com pub40.bravenet.com assets.loomia.com
aff.gittigidiyor.com ac.eu.enecto.com pcadvisor.uk.intellitxt.com
vast.bp3855984.btrll.com emediate.dk s.admulti.com brxserv-21.btrll.com peer39.com
geobanner.adultfriendfinder.com app.desktop.ak-networks.com vw.netmng.com
adflash.affairsclub.com tr.2.cqcounter.com survey.burstmedia.com www.burstnet.com
www3.burstnet.com idvisitor.expressnightout.com piwik.onlinemagasinet.no
bnvxcfhdgf.blogspot.com.es amu.brandnewinstall.info www.bitroll.com 1ivwbox.de
warlog.ru premium.ascensionweb.com mpp.specificclick.net s2.srtk.net
meridia.1.p2l.info milyondolar.com cdn.publicidad.net www.free-choices.com
core2.adtlgc.com api.viglink.com omniture.112.2o7.net domdex.com bar.freelogs.com
c5.amazingcounters.com ad1.adtitan.net ad2.doublepimp.com prolapseman.com
tracking2.channeladvisor.com georgewbushcom.112.2o7.net partners.mysavings.com
d8rk54i4mohrb.cloudfront.net s28.cnzz.com click2.rbc.magna.ru coop.crwdcntrl.net
campaigns.interclick.com adfoc.us bluhostedbanners.blucigs.com a-counter.kiev.ua
piwik.redtube.com viasatsatelliteservices.112.2o7.net kos.interseek.si warco.pl
i.casalemedia.com www.tradedoubler.com t3n.ivwbox.de static.luminate.com
beachfrontio.com adspaces.ero-advertising.com r.casalemedia.com www3.zapadserver.com
free.pacificpoker.com tracking.ientry.net www.singlesadnetwork.com
analytics.admob.com stats2.self.com sacdcad01.salon.com adserve.advertising.com
servedby.revcontent.com metrics.ktvb.com aoldlama.122.2o7.net fodder.tc.qq.com
www.pay-per-search.com www.urlcash.net remotead.cnet.com
manager.rovion.com beacon.jump-time.net
www.adcarousel.pl cdn.go.cz.bbelements.com adimg.tv.com fe1-au.imrworldwide.com
cmpdotnetjunkiescom.112.2o7.net rc-au.imrworldwide.com metrics.discovery.com
zenzuu.com longhornblogs.us.intellitxt.com upsoj.iptvdeals.com
adspaces.ero-advertisings.com www.safemobilelink.com z2.zedo.com 93367.hittail.com
aolmov.122.2o7.net bs.serving-sys.com admedia.ro adv0035.247realmedia.com
www211.paypopup.com pop.dnparking.com m5.ca.2mdn.net buy-phentermine.thepizza.net
hits.informer.com jsg.dt07.net adsy.lsipack.com com.adv.vz.ru members2.hookup.com
buy-hydrocodone.polybuild.ru rocksresort.com.au t.ad2games.com piwik.n24.de
www.flyingcroc.com healthclicks.co.uk widget5.linkwithin.com www.tagifydiageo.com
csdelux.ge c.novostimira.biz www.ivwbox4.de sscdn.banners.advidi.com
gk.rts.sparkstudios.com neref.112.2o7.net www.hypertracker.com kon.hit.gemius.pl
w.prize44.com stats3.unrulymedia.com cdn.banners.scubl.com 5d406.v.fwmrm.net
freeforumsorg.skimlinks.com 815.hittail.com tube8vidsxpg.ddns.name
hothardwarecom.skimlinks.com phone-calling-card.exnet.su mads.cbs.com
www3.click-fr.com cnhinewsservicedev.122.2o7.net js.ero-advertising.com
powershopnet.net static.scanscout.com static.skimlinks.com techradarcom.skimlinks.com
gpaper124.112.2o7.net www.everydaygays.com techspotcom.skimlinks.com f-kotek.com
nbcuniversal.122.2o7.net servedby.advertising.com wordpresscom.skimlinks.com
click.go2net.com www.bilder-upload.eu mvtracker.com rs.instantservice.com
ikcode.baidu.com www.umaxlogin.com data.ritzcarlton.com bh.contextweb.com
www.adcomplete.com cas.clickability.com ranker.springboardplatform.com
adjustnetwork.com tracking.godatafeed.com zentastic.com www.objectopoly.info
front.adproved.net ad-clix.com www.directtrack.com www.yourrewardzone.com
generalmediaadhu.hit.gemius.pl pole.6rooms.com xclusive.ly sagedigital.checkm8.com
tracker.ero-advertising.com luggage-tv.com cm.npc-paddock.overture.com
www.superbanner.org r.reklama.biz gntbcstglobal.112.2o7.net cdn1.zopiny.com
img.avatraffic.com webcash.nl azz.badazz.org computeractive.uk.intellitxt.com
js.adlink.net exkn0md6fh.qsdgi.com webreseau.com goingplatinum.com
click.cheapstuff.com maps-spyware251-300.eksuziv.net js.casalemedia.com
creatiby1.unicast.com pool.roularta.adhese.com clickbank.net
freecodecs.us.intellitxt.com www.cashtrafic.com rts.pgmediaserve.com tk.baidu.com
www.adscampaign.net s.m2pub.com click.qeg.net clickthrough.wegcash.com drc-group.net
bizbor.popunder.ru mngisv.112.2o7.net lognormal.net w7.extreme-dm.com
www.les-ptits-dodos.com www.oksrv.com adds.misiamoiatdom.com
mkcthehomemarketplace.112.2o7.net delfiadlt.hit.gemius.pl delivery.switchadhub.com
analytics.cnd-motionmedia.de listennewsnetwork.com ivwboz.de slf5cyd.info
smartcarfinder.us.intellitxt.com adn.ebay.com adtrader.com hzs22.cnzz.com
gpaper120.112.2o7.net i.total-media.net stat.mystat.hu blastro.us.intellitxt.com
www7.counter.bloke.com globaltakeoff.net s62.cnzz.com cams.spacash.com
www.happydiscountspecials.com didtheyreadit.com hu.static.etargetnet.com s89.cnzz.com
rotabanner100.utro.ru bandoc.d-group.co.il maccity.it.intellitxt.com d.agkn.com
s108.cnzz.com errors.perfectgonzo.com s113.cnzz.com www.uproar.com
apolloadlv.hit.gemius.pl ak.buyservices.com clicks.stripsaver.com
cnetzdnet.112.2o7.net s142.cnzz.com corroshield.estb.com.sg searchwe.com v7.cnzz.com
www.evwbox.de pmads.valuead.com www.errorclean.com aj.600z.com
scrippswxyz.112.2o7.net text-link-ads.ientry.com oowhe.frost-electric-supply.com
hitlist.ru dc56.s290.meetrics.net rya.rockyou.com serials.ws
spywarelabs.fileburst.com ad1.adfun.ru w88.am15.net mobile.juicyads.com phorm.co.uk
celebritypwn.us.intellitxt.com xapi.juicyads.com www.freeplasmanation.com
textad.eroticmatch.com adsrv2.ihlassondakika.com www.adseo.net
vast.bp3846885.btrll.com cdn.engine.phn.doublepimp.com www.parkingcrew.net
textad.sexsearch.com www.joinourwebsite.com www.clickedyclick.com
technewsworld.us.intellitxt.com m2.fwmrm.net letsrun.us.intellitxt.com
da.feedsportal.com clicktrack.ziyu.net www.tarakc1.net s10.cnzz.com
core.insightexpressai.com textad.socialsex.com urls.api.twitter.com
1105governmentinformationgroup.122.2o7.net gacz.hit.gemius.pl
www.whatuwhatuwhatuwant.com hfm.checkm8.com view.atdmt.com beacon.securestudies.com
track.popmog.com rules.securestudies.com oix.com lo.ljkeefeco.com
www.likethislist.biz buyphentermineonline.7h.com delivery.trafficforce.com
mtrcs.popcap.com relevantknowledge.com cdn1.skinected.com ohtulehtee.adocean.pl
www.banstex.com wrapper.direct2drive.com vural-electronic.com ads2.playnet.com
mobileburn.us.intellitxt.com www.ad4mat.ch adition.com 1pt.cqcounter.com
files.bannersnack.com aveconomic.trailswest.org x6x.a.la hits.convergetrack.com
www.counter.cz dis.eu.criteo.com cdn.adnxs.com analytics.sutterhealth.org
www.myfreegifts.co.uk tt11.adobe.com advancedsoftwaresupport.com www.deltahost.de
protection.napolice.net hat.bmanpn.com gntbcstwxia.112.2o7.net www.5ivwbox.de
id.hellomagazine.com m1.it.2mdn.net ar.2.cqcounter.com zs16.cnzz.com
www.dowdenphotography.com tradedoubler.com nysun.com.112.2o7.net s27.sitemeter.com
profootballweekly.us.intellitxt.com 1bm.cqcounter.com cdn.traffichunt.com
t8t7frium3.s.ad6media.fr m7.ve.2mdn.net 1ua.cqcounter.com cardgamespidersolitaire.com
m.altitude-arena.com 1xxx.cqcounter.com www2.cqcounter.com gtb19.acecounter.com
adremedy.com directpowerrewards.com wgc1.acecounter.com vpc.altitude-arena.com
www.grmtech.net tags.bannercde.com trk.atomex.net punchjump.us.intellitxt.com
meter-svc.nytimes.com image2.pubmatic.com img2.zergnet.com van.redlightcenter.com
ad2flash.com mygiftresource.com altfarm.mediaplex.com adnetgalt.hit.gemius.pl
audiode.ivwbox.de extended.dmtracker.com rte-img.nuseek.com analytics.prx.org
cdn.zeusclicks.com bloggers.fuckyoucash.com adocean-lt.hit.gemius.pl lortab.hut1.ru
rotator.tradetracker.net likethislist.biz customerscreensavers.com
xpath.syncrvprodist.com gders.hit.gemius.pl gaat.hit.gemius.pl valueclickmedia.com
ieginc.com rotator.tradetracker.nl js.zevents.com destre45.com ti.tradetracker.nl
banneradvertising.adclickmedia.com gadk.hit.gemius.pl serving-sys.com 1se.org
crackspider.net zuzzer5.com assculo.com newopenx.detik.com
network.realtechnetwork.net go.oneund.ru www.electronics-offer.net
webstat.channel4.com c3.amazingcounters.com www.visitortracklog.com
ri.clickability.com partners.clear-link.com edietsmain.112.2o7.net
free.xxxcounter.com tracking.websitealive.com adimg.theinsider.com m6.pl.2mdn.net
www.toppornblogs.com p3p.mmstat.com www.refer.ru dcsmarketing.directtrack.com
doubleyourdating.directtrack.com afraidtoask.us.intellitxt.com
recipeland.us.intellitxt.com t.bmmetrix.com www.classifieds1000.com
10xhellometro.112.2o7.net odb.outbrain.com gscounters.us1.gigya.com
login.tracking101.com delivery.w00tads.com www1.gto-media.com 3933.hittail.com
adsatt.abcnews.starwave.com ads2.jubii.dk s18.cnzz.com counter1.bravenet.com
adx.chip.de www.bidclix.com ads05.freecity.de espn-ak.starwave.com
admp-tc.iltalehti.fi getmyfreegear.com ivwbodx.de adimages.go.com www.cyberzine.com
oasc05134.247realmedia.com oxen.hillcountrytexas.com 1uk.cqcounter.com
gcirm.dmregister.com cofeb13east.com synad2.nuffnang.com.my fp.uclo.net
openads.flagman.bg art-photo-music-savingblvd.com partners.tremorhub.com
hos1.cnzz.com tags.bkrtx.com www.clickaction.net www.ptp123.com w36.am15.net
stat.dailyoffbeat.com n.mplxtms.com smokersopinionpoll.com
freevideodownloadforpc.com www.ad4mat.at lp.downloadquick.net ps2.interpolls.com
media.adxpansion.com f.nexac.com neo.go.sonobi.com track.adbooth.net cz3.clickzs.com
dailymotion.demdex.net marthastewart.demdex.net static.ifa.yobtcams.com
www.linkbucks.com spacerusa13.ddns.net ndn.cdn.auditude.com www.superbrewards.com
c.supert.ag img1.zergnet.com phorm.jp img3.zergnet.com server.as5000.com
code.checkstat.nl cmk.tw.yahoo.overture.com s3.shinystat.com
niteflirt.directtrack.com counter18.bravenet.com windows-crash-report.info
680.stats.misstrends.com
cerberus.entertainment.com tongji.baidu.com c3.xxxcounter.com images.brainfox.com
narrow.azenergyforum.com www.360ads.com www.clickcountr.com ww797.smartadserver.com
cdn.buysellads.com www.leadgenetwork.com gpaper112.112.2o7.net b.am15.net
track.searchignite.com log.clickstream.co.za 005.free-counter.co.uk
dsp.adfarm1.adition.com dp.specificclick.net xbs.sea.mtree.com utm2.smileycentral.com
hits.nextstat.com www.click10.com nb.myspace.com playtime.tubemogul.com
admega.feed.gr t.snowball.com stats2.details.com fimserve.askmen.com
stats2.wmagazine.com delb2.myspace.com sponsorads.de wrapper.askmen.com
adserv.impactengine.com servedby.proxena-adserver.com rl.auto.ru
advertising.wellpack.fr www.dsnextgen.com atax.gamespy.com www.freefuelcoupon.com
wrapper.gamespyid.com affiliates.pinnaclesports.com sitestat.kpn-is.nl
wrapper.ign.com adportal.advertisingnemesis.com utrack.hexun.com gulsproductions.com
clickbangpop.com bin.pinion.gg 2df7d.v.fwmrm.net
saxowesterncommunications.122.2o7.net bea4.v.fwmrm.net s69.cnzz.com
images.primaryads.com ox-d.openxadexchange.com adultfriendfinder.com
s51.sitemeter.com guest.adultfriendfinder.com tracking.badgeville.com
sdc.entertainment.com trafficfactory.biz www.adultfriendfinder.com
bank15.ads.dt.mydas.mobi fidelity.rotator.hadj7.adjuggler.net
report.mitsubishicars.com www.medleyads.com cm1359.com carrier.bz
websurvey.burstmedia.com protectionupdatecenter.com affiliates.streamray.com
free.thesocialsexnetwork.com log.btopenworld.com clkuk.tradedoubler.com
www2.click-fr.com oasn04.247realmedia.com media6.popmarker.com jiwire.112.2o7.net
ifa.keezlive.com www.linkfame.com adactiongapl.hit.gemius.pl t.p.mybuys.com
adocean-ro.hit.gemius.pl advice.hit.gemius.pl adv0005.247realmedia.com bannerbank.ru
adlog.cbsi.com ua1.hit.stat24.com toolbardollars.biz axel.hit.gemius.pl
ghm_bulgaria.hit.gemius.pl www.nutabuse.com intergi.com adnet.medialand.ru
diginetlt.hit.gemius.pl www.ivawbox.de creditsoffer.blogspot.com
digital4adro.hit.gemius.pl widgets.outbrain.com usmsad.tom.com rtb-ads.avazu.net
y3.ifengimg.com x6.xclicks.net www.cshacks.partycat.us www.bigsister.cxa.de
www.village-gabarrier.com gahu.hit.gemius.pl piwik.ientry.com www.ivqbox.de
tn.5.p2l.info engine.influads.com boldchat.com www.adimpact.com ghmme.hit.gemius.pl
ib.reachjunction.com cookiecontainer.blox.pl broadtech.co ticket20.tripod.com
realitytea.us.intellitxt.com gtlt.hit.gemius.pl dl.ncbuy.com
lseducationcollect.247realmedia.com gpaper214.112.2o7.net hu.hit.gemius.pl
ubergizmo.us.intellitxt.com iad.anm.co.uk bwp.download.com
able2know.us.intellitxt.com investoradbg.hit.gemius.pl www.youcanoptout.com
mgstarexponent.112.2o7.net click.silvercash.com aslads.ask.com moodoo.com.cn
utm.popswatter.com error.demdex.net ls.hit.gemius.pl novem.pl www.cbeckads.com
s137.cnzz.com www.eelsoup.net lv.hit.gemius.pl ohtulehtadee.hit.gemius.pl
s40.sitemeter.com realitateadro.hit.gemius.pl adserv.quality-channel.de
ringieradro.hit.gemius.pl img.royal-cash.com tube8vidsyyf.dnset.com
global-promotions.internationalredirects.com ad1.speedbit.com se.cqcounter.com
kitaramarketplace.com log.optimizely.com scz.hit.gemius.pl consumer-org.com
telgids.adsolutions.nl ab-nb.mgid.com ivillageglobal.112.2o7.net
sportingnews.us.intellitxt.com seznam.hit.gemius.pl sportaladbg.hit.gemius.pl
nikehome.112.2o7.net www.nivwbox.de str.hit.gemius.pl
cira.login.cqr.ssl.igotmyloverback.com wileydumcom.112.2o7.net tr.hit.gemius.pl
vt-1.nrelate.com traffiq.com aff.primaryads.com s2.hit.stat.pl e89.friendfinder.com
webhits.de digitaltrends.us.intellitxt.com optimum-hits.com www.ebtmarketing.com
cheatcc.us.intellitxt.com img.hitexchange.net www.pscdns.biz imgad1.3conline.com
hitx.net s.youtube.com knowyourmobile.uk.intellitxt.com www.adlimg05.com
trgde.adocean.pl z32538.nb.host127-0-0-1.com adblade.com www.edomz.com
dev.visualwebsiteoptimizer.com sm2.sitemeter.com gem.pl
thayhoteldelcoronado.112.2o7.net ia.iinfo.cz protection.sdpolice.com vsii.spinbox.net
4.whereinlazio.com bounceexchange.com b180.takru.com oasc18005.247realmedia.com
medical-offer.com adultadworld.directtrack.com 2site.com free.cartoonpornguide.com
highpro1.com s7.addthis.com e-adimages.scrippsnetworks.com ukrfarms.com.ua
babs.tv2.dk s.ad133m.com www.c9972855.myzen.co.uk img.directtrack.com
www.freeelectronicssource.com octopusgirl.com www.mikras.nl tpads.ovguide.com
sadsi.buyyourbtc.com phonejapan.com zeusclicks.com sexitnow.com strawpoii.me
metrics.thenation.com www.textlinkads.com vid.pardot.com iwa.hit.interia.pl
redroomnetwork.com 15minadlt.hit.gemius.pl thatsphucked.com mdtopeka.112.2o7.net
adj39.thruport.com thepounder.com www.ivwbgox.de vomitgirl.org
gde-default.hit.gemius.pl walkthedinosaur.com e2.cdn.qnsr.com www.2girls1cup.ws
www.bagslap.com stopphoulplay.com www.clownsong.com www.copyright-reform.info
aff.foxtab.com www.kidsinsandbox.info oix.net www.lemonparty.org stat.fengniao.com
www.ijvwbox.de ads2.firingsquad.com www.flagcounter.com trk.acotrk.com
www.octopusgirl.com savings-time.com gcirm.laregionalonline.com trafficbee.com
streamate.doublepimp.com www.on.nimp.org gcirm.tennessean.com oix2.net
hr.hit.gemius.pl www.bonzi.com www.nwhomecare.co.uk www.suckdude.com
www.thatsjustgay.com www4.counter.bloke.com reklam.arabul.com www.thatsphucked.com
www.topsiteguide.com us.kopuz.com www.tubgirl.org www.vomitgirl.org m3.fr.2mdn.net
ll.atdmt.com www.walkthedinosaur.com test.com ad2.pamedia.com
acckalaharinet.112.2o7.net www.whipcrack.org www.xvideoslive.com
metrics.whitepages.com www.livewell.net fe.lea.jubii.dk www.ypmate.com webwise.net
ads234.com ads345.com newip427.changeip.net nastydollars.com nmsbaseball.com
adimg.zdnet.com 06272002-dbase.hitcountz.net phorm.com 2001-007.com
20585485p.rfihub.com tracking.validclick.com protection.kypolice.com
eitbglobal.ojdinteractiva.com adclient.rottentomatoes.com banner1.pornhost.com
adcounter.globeandmail.com adlog.com.com counter50.bravenet.com admanmail.com
adult.foxcounter.com www.freecoolgift.com dce.nextstat.com ai062.insightexpress.com
paycounter.com m9.ca.2mdn.net ai087.insightexpress.com ai113.insightexpressai.com
amateur.xxxcounter.com webtraxx.de ant.conversive.nl app.yesware.com nbc.adbureau.net
m3.ae.2mdn.net app.scanscout.com uoljunocom2.112.2o7.net birta.stats.is bluekai.com
izitracking.izimailing.com ecoupons.com browser-message.com lightningcast.net
n.targetbtracker.com mcclatchy.112.2o7.net www.1man1jar.org cf.addthis.com
www.art-offer.net www.888.com topsite.lv click.payserve.com
www.koch-backrezepte.de cgi.hotstat.nl m8.fi.2mdn.net www.counters4u.com
clicks.emarketmakers.com ww691.smartadserver.com clicks.m4n.nl
clicktrack.onlineemailmarketing.com clicktracks.webmetro.com scrooge.wtov9.com
cnt.xcounter.com e-hosting.hut1.ru go.adlv.bbelements.com counterad.de
crux.songline.com count27.51yes.com metrics-api.librato.com f2ncracker.112.2o7.net
www.mtree.com arnaudnicolas.fr counteraport.spylog.com n.adonweb.ru
www.leisure-offer.com www13.glam.com www.shinystat.com a.consumer.net www.ivwboxx.de
www.adtrade.ro www.webpaypal.com static.getclicky.com adbooth.adk2.co
detectorcarecenter.in www.exe-file.de pabrel.com
s.di.com.pl incentive-scene.com
adserve.splicetoday.com
www.dianomioffers.co.uk
redefine.hit.stat24.com
ziffdaviseweek.112.2o7.net squid.diepresse.com fast.bet.demdex.net
neirong.baidu.com
reviewcentrecom.skimlinks.com ads3.virtumundo.com areasnap.com cmrpolice.com
w45.am15.net creative.ak.fbcdn.net
a.netmng.com cti.w55c.net
t13.intelliad.de static-bp.kameleoon.com
use.convertglobal.com www.popuptrafic.com
addme.com counter20.bravenet.com www.yivwbox.de
mediaarea.eu easy-web-stats.com u977.40.spylog.com jsc.madisonlogic.com
economisttestcollect.insightfirst.com environmentalgraffiti.uk.intellitxt.com
www.vipcpms.com www.livewebstats.dk lamictal.about-tabs.com emea-bidder.mathtag.com
123found.com a.beliefnet.com www.depravedwhores.com r.adserver01.de
fcstats.bcentral.com forbescollect.247realmedia.com m9.ae.2mdn.net adsgangsta.com
formalyzer.com ytaahg.vo.llnwd.net oads.cracked.com www.linkworth.com
ft2.autonomycloud.com gemius.pl freedvddept.com idregie.com gkkzngresullts.com
go-in-search.net googfle.com www.datanotary.com vastx.moatads.com
viamtvnvideo.112.2o7.net hits.gureport.co.uk ieplugin.com www.ads234.com
ehomeupgrade.us.intellitxt.com ih.constantcontacts.com www.pcmightymax.net
ad1.doublepimp.com m2.es.2mdn.net counter26.bravenet.com art-music-rewardpath.com
www.ivwbnox.de ev.ib-ibi.com images.itchydawg.com twitter.secure.bzpharma.net
www.thehomo.org b.ads2.msn.com impacts.alliancehub.com ads001.stickam.com
impit.tradedouble.com gpaper118.112.2o7.net insightfirst.com in.webcounter.cc
www.ivwqbox.de kqzyfj.com adserver4.fluent.ltd.uk www.fictioncinema.com s29.cnzz.com
linkcounter.pornosite.com www.trendsonline.biz uppyads.com ivwbpx.de
pub9.bravenet.com www.freecamerauk.co.uk ns2.youcanoptout.com mama128.valuehost.ru
marketscore.com bannerus1.axelsfun.com infoweb-coolinfo.tk free.wegcash.com
metric.10best.com tracking.immobilienscout24.de youcanoptout.org adsx.greystripe.com
ads6.advertwizard.com pic.starsarabian.com metric.nationalgeographic.com
credit-card-application.now-cash.com metrics.att.com kona8.kontera.com
metrics.elle.com m.webtrends.com galb.hit.gemius.pl at-img3.tdimg.com
clicks.adultplex.com metrics.nextgov.com acsseo.com metrics.npr.org
metrics.sephora.com metrics.soundandvisionmag.com metrics.technologyreview.com
nikeplus.112.2o7.net s4.hit.stat.pl skgde.adocean.pl cdn.crowdtwist.com
metrics.yousendit.com mng1.clickalyzer.com www.gator.com msn1.com freefuelcard.com
mvs.mediavantage.de server12.opentracker.net pagerank4you.com nedstat.s0.nl
nethit-free.nl ptewh.iptvdeals.com buy-phentermine-online.135.it web.nyc.ads.juno.co
s94.cnzz.com network.leadpub.com w32.am15.net popupnation.com
decografix.com okcounter.com
au.ads.link4ads.com ds.onet.pl oss-crules.marketscore.com oss-survey.marketscore.com
other.xxxcounter.com http300.edge.ru4.com www.impressionlead.com clicks11.geoads.com
pings.blip.tv tangerinenet.biz job-compuse.tk unitus.synergy-e.com a.venetian.com
aolwpmq.112.2o7.net p.reuters.com cw.nu quareclk.com raw.oggifinogi.com
rightstats.com uproar.com tube8vidssan.dnset.com rr5.xxxcounter.com
www6.kampanyatakip.net a.cdn.intentmedia.net veevu.tourstogo.us s1.thecounter.com
pod.manplay.com cdn.firstlook.com scrooge.clickondetroit.com www.surfaccuracy.com
1168.ic-live.com scrooge.nbc4columbus.com ps.ns-cdn.com murcia-ban.es
www.ringtonepartner.com milkfountain.com searchadv.com www.adcanadian.com
servedby.valuead.com counter24.bravenet.com overflow.adsoftware.com
server13.opentracker.net textsrv.com dk.gmads.net relay-rs.ads.httpool.com
server5.opentracker.net i1media.no m6.ve.2mdn.net server6.opentracker.net
server9.opentracker.net w1.webcompteur.com mydaddy.b0x.com cdxbin.vulnerap.com
1th.cqcounter.com smartstats.com s3.hit.stat.pl softonic.com softonic.it
tag1.adaptiveads.com cdn.directrev.com ss.tiscali.com c1947.ic-live.com
www.giftcardchallenge.com www.sizzle-savings.com outofsightmedia.us.intellitxt.com
78843.hittail.com ss.tiscali.it srv2.twittercounter.com mein.monster.de
s41.sitemeter.com stat1.z-stat.com stat3.cybermonitor.com c3.outster.com
psooz.tourstogo.us orderadipex.findmenow.info aivwbox.de www.sinsads.com
openx.depoilab.com static.kibboko.com statik.topica.com r2.adwo.com
statistics.reedbusiness.nl publicidad.elmundo.es vast.bp3855098.btrll.com
ox.tossoffads.com www.poxudeli.ru stats2.gourmet.com adv.casinopays.com
scout24.wemfbox.ch s120.cnzz.com admin.inq.com stats2.newyorker.com tahoesup.com
share-server.com eviboli576.o-f.com tr.wl.webads.nl adcontent.reedbusiness.com
thecounter.com tipsurf.com toolbarpartner.com venetian.evyy.net top.mail.ru
content.mkt922.com track.exclusivecpa.com casino-gambling-online.searchservice.info
tracking.allposters.com u920.31.spylog.com download.abetterinternet.com usapolice.com
belstat.nl www.tumri.net metrics.aetn.com soft32.us.intellitxt.com
mediatrack.revenue.net tracking.rangeonlinemedia.com track.lfstmedia.com
tracksurf.daooda.com nutabuse.com tradedoubler.sonvideopro.com t.senaldos.com
tu.connect.wunderloop.net bannersng.yell.com t.yesware.com u3305.71.spylog.com
u4056.56.spylog.com oamsrhads.us.publicus.com ourtoolbar.com u432.77.spylog.com
ip.casalemedia.com u4443.84.spylog.com ranking-charts.de a.kerg.net
analytics.amakings.com u5234.87.spylog.com u5687.48.spylog.com nmyork.112.2o7.net
u574.07.spylog.com u604.41.spylog.com cdn.wg.uproxx.com
www.advertising-department.com mytraf.ru quisma.com wallpapers91.com valueclick.com
egypolice.net w1.tcr112.tynt.com adforce.ads.imgis.com mktg.actonsoftware.com
warlog.info webbug.seatreport.com 6.bbnsmsgateway.com webmasterkai.sitetracker.com
search.netseer.com webtrends.townhall.com mnet-ad.net wtnj.worldnow.com
stats5.lightningcast.com homehre.ifrance.com www1.tynt.com leadclick.com
m2.br.2mdn.net phormdiscover.com i.ctnsnet.com califia.imaginemedia.com
www2.counter.bloke.com complexcom.skimlinks.com www5.counter.bloke.com
www6.click-fr.com display.digitalriver.com www9.counter.bloke.com gateway.122.2o7.net
media.cashcownetworks.com adnet.com dotcomsecrets.com adsatt.espn.starwave.com
www.addfreecounter.com reports.quisma.com bild.de.intellitxt.com globaltrack.com
www.clickclick.com imarketservices.com www.articleidea.cn serve.williamhill.com
leisure-offer.com tste.startribune.com creative.ad128m.com www.connectionlead.com
aid-golf-golfdust-training.tabrays.com www.fruitlauncher.com www.widgetbucks.com
freeinvisiblecounters.com www.ivwboxa.de nexys404.us.intellitxt.com adgridwork.com
www.caphyon-analytics.com s24.sitemeter.com www.counterguide.com
syndicated.mondominishows.com counters.honesty.com www.directgrowthhormone.com
serving.plexop.net www.dwclick.com www.metacount.com www.formalyzer.com wau.tynt.com
www.fxcounters.com top-site-list.com mads.cnettv.com www.marketscore.com
js.betburdaaffiliates.com uav.tidaltv.com www.printmail.biz www.quantserve.com
www.searchadv.com www.shockcounter.com www.simplecounter.net www.thecounter.com
www.tradedoubler.com.ar metrics.oclc.org vitalitymax.1.p2l.info
holiday-gift-offers.com server.cpmstar.com icecars.com loft2126.dedicatedpanel.com
omni.canadiantire.ca softcore.xxxcounter.com 662bd114b7c9.onceedge.ru
www.trafficmagnet.net www.myusersonline.com www.true-counter.com www.whereugetxxx.com
www.freegiftreward.com aa.newsblock.marketgid.com sponsorships.net
scrooge.theindychannel.com 09killspyware.com evwbox.de tube8vidsznj.ddns.name
gbanners.hornymatches.com 2006mindfreaklike.blogspot.com credit-cards.shengen.ru
acglgoa.com adwitty.com adzone.stltoday.com bannersgomlm.buildreferrals.com
offers.bycontext.com cjt1.net ebay1.112.2o7.net dynamic1.anandtech.com
fs10.fusestats.com alphabirdnetwork.com adsm.soush.com broadcast.piximedia.fr
articlefuns.cn chghowardjohnson.112.2o7.net pl.bbelements.com autohipnose.com
a.webwise.com crackzone.net world.popadscdn.net www.errornuker.com ad1.gamezone.com
walp.atm.youku.com pub49.bravenet.com support.sextronix.com a.webwise.net
a.webwise.org blackhat.be vitalfootball.uk.intellitxt.com personalcashbailout.com
hit.bg media-5.vpptechnologies.com bt.webwise.com realaudio.cimedia.net as.pmates.com
ws03.home.sapo.pt app.pubserver.adhood.com bt.webwise.net b.webwise.com
car-loan.shengen.ru heathergraham.ca.tt b.webwise.net chelick.net phormkorea.com
cioco-froll.com ads180.com server4.opentracker.net ads3.virtual-nights.com
gg.adocean.pl tags.toroadvertising.com cleanchain.net blackfalcon5.net
click.get-answers-fast.com www9.paypopup.com s51.cnzz.com ultracet.1.p2l.info
co8vd.cn c.oix.net online-pharmacy-online.blogspot.com ia.warnet-thunder.net
cra-arc-gc-ca.noads.biz dietpharmacyrx.net specialgiftrewards.com
vht.tradedoubler.com east.05tz2e9.com e-kasa.w8w.pl ughmvqf.spitt.ru
enteryouremail.net m9.pl.2mdn.net www.dntx.com tr-1.agilone.com facemail.com
122.2o7.net www.advertising365.com news.msnbc.us.intellitxt.com www.tanger.com.br
logs.eresmas.net tube8vidsbbr.dnset.com www.seekways.com faggotry.com
clicks.virtuagirl.com www.askmeaboutrotary.com feaecebook.com
online-university.petrovka.info ftdownload.com www.premieropinion.com
freeelectronicssource.com ivwboc.de gasasthe.freehostia.com www.traffictraders.com
cdn.optimatic.com hatrecord.ru hellwert.biz www.oneclick.bg www69.byinter.net
www.us-choicevalue.com static.woopra.com
celebrifi.us.intellitxt.com www.alrpost69.com ai125.insightexpressai.com
mackeeperapp.mackeeper.com hotchix.servepics.com optimost.112.2o7.net installmac.com
adj36.thruport.com fe-au.imrworldwide.com static.eu.criteo.net c10013.ic-live.com
jgen49.cjt1.net jajajaj-thats-you-really.com cbs.112.2o7.net guruads.de
kczambians.com megastats.com keybinary.com klowns4phun.com w0.drag0n.org
likeportal.com scrippswfts.112.2o7.net xcnn.com hyperbanner.net www.clicktorrent.info
girlownedbypolicelike.blogspot.com www.adjmps.com adlock.in likespike.com
static.clicktorrent.info likethis.mbosoft.com www2.a-counter.kiev.ua m01.oix.net
www.ads345.com m01.webwise.org
cm.the-n.overture.com m02.oix.net megasurfin.com monkeyball.osa.pl
campamento.queenscamp.com www.adserver.net mylike.co.uk oixcrv-rubytest.net
www.nextgenstats.com is.luxup.ru nactx.com neki.org ns1.oix.net ns1.webwise.com
hotfacesitting.com cdn3.optimizely.com activity.serving-sys.com
warnerbros.112.2o7.net www.805m.com ns2.webwise.com www.iwvbox.de ns2.webwise.net
celexa.4.p2l.info scripts.mycounter.com.ua metrics.ancestry.co.uk svastx.moatads.com
dgmaustralia.com msnportallive.112.2o7.net nufindings.info carisoprodol.polybuild.ru
percentmobile.com office.officenet.co.kr messagent.duvalguillaume.com oj.likewut.net
otsserver.com hsb-canada.com adnet.worldreviewer.com outerinfo.com
pilltabletsrxbargain.net viwbox.de visistat.com premium-live-scan.com
feed.hype-ads.com products-gold.net qip.ru interstat.hu gask.hit.gemius.pl
static.adman.gr afdbande.cn qy.corrmedic.ru scan.antispyware-free-scanner.com
www.qsstats.com scottishstuff-online.com link4ads.com amazing-offers.co.il
sc-spyware.com www.ivwboxe.de simpleshop.vn
securityandroidupdate.dinamikaprinting.com zwierzu.zxy.me shell.xhhow4.com
shoppstop.comood.opsource.net d12.zedo.com trk.tidaltv.com ntracking.optimatic.com
sjguild.com smarturl.it www.vippotexa.ru software-updates.co
metrics.starwoodhotels.com sousay.info adocean-lv.hit.gemius.pl superegler.net
supernaturalart.com dpm.demdex.net nihoncar.us.intellitxt.com
delivery.us.myswitchads.com c.id.msn.com superprotection10.com tanieaukcje.com
affiliates.eblastengine.com technicalconsumerreports.com ivwbocx.de lucibad.home.ro
technology-revealed.com iovwbox.de thedatesafe.com techsupportpwr.com
themusicnetwork.co.uk sc.intellitxt.com d12tr1cdjbyzav.cloudfront.net
www.reefclubcasino.com toolbarbucks.biz toolbarweb.biz ads13.hyperbanner.net
www.ptp4ever.net go.buzztrk.com aumo123usedcarscom.112.2o7.net t.adonly.com
twitter.login.kevanshome.org tracking.edvisors.com ny.5.p2l.info s70.cnzz.com
uawj.moqhixoz.cn m2.uk.2mdn.net ad3.linkbucks.com users16.jabry.com t.atpanel.com
deviantart.crwdcntrl.net utenti.lycos.it negociosdasha.com
videos.twitter.secure-logins01.com native.sharethrough.com u5234.98.spylog.com
jump.ewoss.net avcounter10.com vxiframe.biz nytrgainseville.112.2o7.net
media.viwii.net weblover.info leadgenetwork.com webwise.org inc.com aaddzz.com
wewillrocknow.com api.bigmobileads.com willysy.com phatthalung.go.th
cdn.elasticad.net www.fulltraffic.net www.bluestreak.com womo.corrmedic.ru
c9.amazingcounters.com midala.112.2o7.net w55c.net www1.realsoft34.com ivwbox9.de
www.abetterinternet.com www.adshufffle.com www.adwords.google.lloymlincs.com
adn.impactradius.com www.allhqpics.com ladyclicks.ru www.anatol.com
www.freepayasyougotopupuk.co.uk gs1.idsales.co.uk www.articlefuns.cn sm.aport.ru
jwebbsense.cjt1.net tgp.pornsponsors.com www.1freecounter.com www.blenz-me.net
www.gns-consola.com www.goggle.com www.hakerzy.net secure.addthis.com
www.haoyunlaid.com clicks.virtuaguyhd.com
www.icecars.com thewrap.rotator.hadj7.adjuggler.net www.likeportal.com
www.likespike.com jgen39.cjt1.net www.lovetrust.ru www.monsonis.net
affiliate.imperiaonline.org www.nine2rack.in click.jve.net adforce.imgis.com
aurelius.httpool.com affiliates.allposters.com suptullog.com
www.onlyfreeoffersonline.com valp.atm.youku.com micardiss.ql.st www.russian-sex.com
adzone.ro protection.gapolice.com www.sdlpgift.com www.linkwithin.com
buspar.1.p2l.info static.ifa.slutloadlive.com www.trucktirehotline.com
www.webwise.org badservant.guj.de xvrxyzba253.hotmail.ru zettapetta.com
main.vodonet.net www.remotrk.com zfotos.fromru.su ztrf.net www.ivwebox.de
bayoubuzz.advertserve.com www.cool-downloads.net m1.ae.2mdn.net advmaker.ru
m1.br.2mdn.net emailproductreview.com yieldmanager.adbooth.com hit.clickaider.com
m9.no.2mdn.net pntm-images.adbureau.net www.wormgush.com m1.ca.2mdn.net
ads3.advertwizard.com aureate.com gpaper133.112.2o7.net m1.cn.2mdn.net
adserver2.condenast.co.uk m1.dk.2mdn.net m1.es.2mdn.net w90.am15.net m1.fi.2mdn.net
www.soskin.eu m1.fr.2mdn.net buy-adipex.petrovka.info m1.nz.2mdn.net
tracking.oggifinogi.com m1.pl.2mdn.net cydoor.com wrapper.giga.de 0101011.com
ohgizmo.us.intellitxt.com dc-storm.com phpads.cnpapers.com m2.ae.2mdn.net
www.ivwboz.de m2.au.2mdn.net nmbrampton.112.2o7.net buyvalium.polybuild.ru
m2.ca.2mdn.net cdn.amateurmatch.com view.network.affiliando.com popunder.com
m2.cn.2mdn.net ity.elusmedic.ru publishers.clickbooth.com
hpad.www.infoseek.co.jp hsbconline.ca m2.fi.2mdn.net adsrv.lua.pl m2.jp.2mdn.net
m2.nl.2mdn.net m2.pl.2mdn.net m2.se.2mdn.net m3.au.2mdn.net www.robotadserver.com
messagia.adcentric.proximi-t.com click.top10sites.com click-find-save.com
lp1.linkpulse.com m3.es.2mdn.net www.luminate.com c.gumgum.com m3.nz.2mdn.net
ultimatecounter.com sync2.adsniper.ru m3.sg.2mdn.net mystat.pl
www.shopperpromotions.com
6b8a953b2bf7788063d5-6e453f33ecbb90f11a62a5c376375af3.r71.cf5.rackcdn.com
m3.za.2mdn.net m4.br.2mdn.net media2.netrefer.com harrahscom.112.2o7.net
m4.cn.2mdn.net m4.dk.2mdn.net m4.fr.2mdn.net m4.se.2mdn.net
cms.springboardplatform.com games-toys-free.com ad2.adnetwork.net m5.au.2mdn.net
www.cashmoneycpa.com m5.br.2mdn.net biwwltvcom.122.2o7.net t1.trackalyzer.com
www.via99.org m5.es.2mdn.net m5.fi.2mdn.net www.prizes.co.uk perf.overture.com
reklamer.com.ua m5.it.2mdn.net m5.nz.2mdn.net www.ads.joetec.net
ac.ybinst3.ec.yimg.com www.ivwboxi.de www.sextronix.com m5.pl.2mdn.net m5.sg.2mdn.net
m7.be.2mdn.net m5.uk.2mdn.net red03.as-eu.falkag.net m5.ve.2mdn.net
ads1.mediacapital.pt safe.hyperpaysys.com reseaux-telecoms.fr.intellitxt.com
m6.br.2mdn.net www.eroyear.ru protection.lipolice.com m6.fr.2mdn.net s.adexpert.cz
link.masterstats.com m6.nz.2mdn.net lg.brandreachsys.com stat.discogs.com adlantic.nl
electronics-bonuspath.com m7.cn.2mdn.net nivwbox.de m7.dk.2mdn.net config.getmyip.com
cashbackwow.co.uk www.hausnet.ru civicfootprint.net gpaper183.112.2o7.net
www.mailforfreedom.com count4.51yes.com tracker.idg.co.uk znaptag-us.s3.amazonaws.com
bigpond.122.2o7.net ivwbox.de m7.es.2mdn.net phentermine.3.p2l.info m7.fr.2mdn.net
m7.nl.2mdn.net w14.am15.net bserver.blick.com m7.no.2mdn.net british-banners.com
m7.uk.2mdn.net m8.br.2mdn.net www.prolapseman.com m9.be.2mdn.net www.turdgasm.com
ivwbex.de m8.fr.2mdn.net webtracker.apicasystem.com m9.au.2mdn.net autohits.dk
m9.fr.2mdn.net kissfmro.count.brat-online.ro www.pixazza.com demo.advertising.com
m9.it.2mdn.net ad-pay.de s.ad120m.com s.oroll.com m9.jp.2mdn.net m9.nl.2mdn.net
m9.nz.2mdn.net ad-plus.cn track.domainsponsor.com m9.se.2mdn.net c.ar.msn.com
make-money.shengen.ru images3.linkwithin.com m9.sg.2mdn.net ukrpts.net
www.bigbrandpromotions.com businesspundit.us.intellitxt.com cdn1.adadvisor.net
adtaily.pl devshed.us.intellitxt.com gadgets.fosfor.se.intellitxt.com
invitation.opinionbar.com newyork.cbslocal.us.intellitxt.com
gorillanation.us.intellitxt.com w29.am15.net www.adventertainment.it
static.ifa.camads.net metro.uk.intellitxt.com pcgameshardware.de.intellitxt.com
vivwbox.de rawstory.us.intellitxt.com l1.qsstats.com cdn.adtrace.org
openads.friendfinder.com www.action.ientry.net tmcnet.us.intellitxt.com
rmedia.adonnetwork.com devfw.imrworldwide.com ml314.com www.igvwbox.de
hujii.qplanner.cf highscanprotect.com parskabab.com service2.predictad.com ws02.do.nu
download.cdn.downloadquick.net tunmedia.tns-cs.net www.iivwbox.de ads2.gamecity.net
fe1-fi.imrworldwide.com b.nex.bg fe2-au.imrworldwide.com downloads-whatsapp.com
paincake.yoll.net scripts.kissmetrics.com
microsoft-sql-server.wp-club.net imrworldwide.com server-ca.imrworldwide.com
server-ua.imrworldwide.com multi1.rmuk.co.uk nmmiami.112.2o7.net
server-za.imrworldwide.com jbeet.cjt1.net jbit.cjt1.net sdg-translations.com
jcollegehumor.cjt1.net jgen11.cjt1.net cdn-analytics.ladmedia.fr jgen14.cjt1.net
txt.adv.vz.ru windspotter.net jgen15.cjt1.net gpaper113.112.2o7.net
livescience.us.intellitxt.com mdotm.com www.showcaserealestate.net jgen16.cjt1.net
www.worry-free-savings.com mycelloffer.com jgen19.cjt1.net images.directtrack.com
jgen1.cjt1.net w.ic.tynt.com promotools.islive.nl jgen20.cjt1.net advplace.com
www.ranking-links.de citycash2.blogspot.com jgen22.cjt1.net prstats.postrelease.com
geo.interia.pl jgen24.cjt1.net ads0.okcupid.com accuserveadsystem.com jgen26.cjt1.net
adsrich.qq.com jgen31.cjt1.net jgen33.cjt1.net topmeds10.com undertonenetworks.com
webgroundadbg.hit.gemius.pl analytics.yahoo.com jgen34.cjt1.net jgen36.cjt1.net
jgen37.cjt1.net jgen38.cjt1.net adv.netinfo.bg jgen44.cjt1.net jgen48.cjt1.net
cachef.screensavers.com psp3d.us.intellitxt.com jgen4.cjt1.net jgen8.cjt1.net
jgen9.cjt1.net jhumour.cjt1.net idvisitor.washingtonpost.com jsandboxer.cjt1.net
creatives.as4x.tmcs.net a.visualrevenue.com go.mobtrks.com vaniqa.1.p2l.info
ssum.casalemedia.com search.iwon.com ancestryuki.112.2o7.net aolwpaim.112.2o7.net
blast4traffic.com aolwpmqnoban.112.2o7.net www.qivwbox.de bbcnewscouk.112.2o7.net
image.adv.livedoor.com paintball-gun.tripod.com bellglovemediapublishing.122.2o7.net
www.shopping-offer.com rr7.xxxcounter.com www.global-access.com bosecom.112.2o7.net
de.5.p2l.info bulldog.122.2o7.net ymail-activate1.bugs3.com zhalehziba.com
tube8vidscqs.ddns.name aolukglobal.122.2o7.net www.traffic-trades.com
bzresults.122.2o7.net 5.eventiduepuntozero.com cbcincinnatienquirer.112.2o7.net
forex-broker.hut1.ru truehits1.gits.net.th ivwbgox.de 4thegame.uk.intellitxt.com
1687.ic-live.com cnhipicayuneitemv.112.2o7.net cnhregisterherald.122.2o7.net
diginet.112.2o7.net www.blatant8jh.info pixel.invitemedia.com
digitalhomediscountptyltd.122.2o7.net fbcdn-creative-a.akamaihd.net
disccglobal.112.2o7.net disccstats.112.2o7.net actionscript.us.intellitxt.com
liapentruromania.ro pub30.bravenet.com adj54.thruport.com jg.hack-inter.net
img.webring.com dixonslnkcouk.112.2o7.net amer.rel.msn.com donval.112.2o7.net
core.adprotected.com dowjones.122.2o7.net dreammates.112.2o7.net adserve.adtoll.com
ebayreg.112.2o7.net static-uk.addynamo.net edmundsinsideline.112.2o7.net
happydiscountspecials.com www.rempko.sk expedia4.112.2o7.net www1.counter.bloke.com
expedia.ca.112.2o7.net valuesponsor.com faceoff.112.2o7.net static.adclick.lt
roxio.112.2o7.net popunder.popcde.com fbkmnr.112.2o7.net
thefutoncritic.us.intellitxt.com media.foundry42.com w58.am15.net
gmchevyapprentice.112.2o7.net www.cell-phone-giveaways.com
www.home-garden-premiumblvd.com js.adsonar.com sponsor1.com livehappy247.com
gpaper104.112.2o7.net m5.de.2mdn.net adver.pengyou.com gpaper109.112.2o7.net
ns2.openinternetexchange.com stg.widget.crowdignite.com gpaper110.112.2o7.net
ivwboxb.de ea.zebestof.com adserverb.conjelco.com gpaper111.112.2o7.net te.chron.com
associatesexports.com js.v1.de.euserv.adm.adaos-ads.net gpaper119.112.2o7.net
te.astrology.com gpaper121.112.2o7.net itk.socialspark.com gpaper122.112.2o7.net
gpaper123.112.2o7.net ivwboxh.de www.incestdot.com partners.popmatters.com
media4021.videostrip.com gpaper125.112.2o7.net cheap-valium.polybuild.ru
feed3.hype-ads.com ministerio-publi.info gpaper126.112.2o7.net
www.getmyfreegiftcard.com gpaper131.112.2o7.net www.awin1.com adv.speednet.bg
top.c-stat.eu adcode.rontar.com adimage.blm.net ca.cqcounter.com 1.primaryads.com
gpaper141.112.2o7.net gpaper147.112.2o7.net natural-cholesterol.com
nasdaq.122.2o7.net gpaper149.112.2o7.net counter44.bravenet.com gcirm.jacksonsun.com
gpaper151.112.2o7.net gpaper156.112.2o7.net celebrityviplounge.us.intellitxt.com
gpaper169.112.2o7.net freelaptopgift.com v2.stat.ku6.com kt4.kliptracker.com
www.videogamerewardscentral.com ads14.udc.advance.net gpaper192.112.2o7.net
gpaper193.112.2o7.net gpaper198.112.2o7.net imonitor.nethost.cz gpaper202.112.2o7.net
sugoicounter.com protection.aspolice.com hostpowermedium.112.2o7.net
partner.join.com.ua onb4dsa.net attica.nuggad.net spklds.com kddi.122.2o7.net
1tr.cqcounter.com adimage.asia1.com.sg 8260.hittail.com www.praxisww.com sdc.lef.org
krafteurope.112.2o7.net zarozinski.info ktva.112.2o7.net mdamarillo.112.2o7.net
www25.bathandbodyworks.com mdwardmore.112.2o7.net i.hotkeys.com
medbroadcast.112.2o7.net mlbastros.112.2o7.net www.3dstats.com mlbtoronto.112.2o7.net
mngiyrkdr.112.2o7.net netrp.112.2o7.net nike.112.2o7.net www.emarketmakers.com
vipfastmoney.com food-drink-bonuspath.com nmmississauga.112.2o7.net
trvlnet-images.adbureau.net nmtoronto.112.2o7.net yourdvdplayer.com
gpaper138.112.2o7.net gc.gcl.ru l.admob.com www.adobee.com nytimesglobal.112.2o7.net
ah-ha.com clicks.pureleads.com kwserver.adhispanic.com click.searchnation.net
nytimesnonsampled.112.2o7.net www.books-media-rewardpath.com thinktarget.com
s4le.net ientrymail.com www.huberts-kochseite.de
nytmembercenter.112.2o7.net mail.radar.imgsmail.ru nytrgadsden.112.2o7.net
spacash.com nitrous.exitfuel.com c2.popads.net oracle.112.2o7.net a3.x-traceur.com
publicationsunbound.112.2o7.net saxp.zedo.com www3.macys.com broadcastpc.tv
cnad7.economicoutlook.net pulharktheherald.112.2o7.net d.serve-sys.com
sonyglobal.112.2o7.net rb1.design.ru helium.us.intellitxt.com www.superclix.de
stop-smoking.1.p2l.info sympmsnsports.112.2o7.net timepopsci.122.2o7.net msnm.com
clickauditor.net cpu.firingsquad.com timerealsimple.112.2o7.net www.km69.de
actionsplash.com timewarner.122.2o7.net tmsscion.112.2o7.net sso.canada.com
vanns.112.2o7.net viaatomvideo.112.2o7.net rubiconproject.com d.254a.com
adserver3.openadex.dk adserver1.harvestadsdepot.com shrek.6.cn r1.literotica.com
viasyndimedia.112.2o7.net wmgmulti.112.2o7.net publiads.com workopolis.122.2o7.net
adv.0tub.com youtube.112.2o7.net 104231.dtiblog.com 123specialgifts.com 1.httpads.com
www.marketing-rewardpath.com fast.philly.demdex.net 247adbiz.net
advertising.online-media24.de trackers.1st-affiliation.fr 24ratownik.hit.gemius.pl
2.adbrite.com gpaper177.112.2o7.net 321cba.com www.totaladperformance.com 32red.it
360ads.com adj33.thruport.com cache.gfrevenge.com sdcexecs.us.intellitxt.com
3.adbrite.com corusads.dserv.ca 3fns.com 7500.com
map24.ivwbox.de adv.h2porn.com 76.a.boom.ro 7adpower.com 86log.joy.cn
lowestoftplumber.com sexyfemalewrestlingmovies-b.com a.0day.kiev.ua
a200.yieldoptimizer.com www.supremehits.net a2.websponsors.com o.ibg.bg
a1.greenadworks.net a.adstome.com www.reelcentric.com aan.amazon.com abrogatesdv.info
www.adview.cn adtoll.com abseckw.adtlgc.com seo3389.net link.decideinteractive.com
images.about.com adhref.pl directleads.com mygreatrewards.com action.ientry.net
ac.tynt.com www.myuitm.com aujourdhui.refr.adgtw.orangeads.fr
egypolice.com on.nimp.org radiology.starlightcapitaladvisors.net
sensismediasmart.com.au hit.gemius.pl 59-106-20-39.r-bl100.sakura.ne.jp
internetfuel.com webnavegador.com
www69.ugly.as www.theuseful.net  softwaare.net
ectestlampsplus1.112.2o7.net piwik.denik.cz nf.5.p2l.info
adrotate.se tube8vidshhr.ddns.name ad1.clickhype.com static.parsely.com ad1.lbn.ru
www.getmylaptopfree.com auspice.augur.io mangler10.generals.ea.com ad1.peel.com
ad1.popcap.com computertechanalysis.com www.hooqy.com romvarimarton.hu
clubmom.122.2o7.net ad2.adecn.com adcanadian.com ad2.hotel.com dynamic.aol.com
www.thruport.com pixelservice.apphb.com ad3.l3go.com tour.xxxblackbook.com
admin.hotkeys.com customad.cnn.com
www.asknew.com ad-411.com www.cpmadvisors.com ad4game.com ad8.adfarm1.adition.com
www1.vip.sc9.admob.com oix9.net adext.inkclub.com fxstyle.net
adhearus.com hotonlinenews.us.intellitxt.com adaos-ads.net adbit.co
www.poponclick.com adcentric.randomseed.com jsonlinecollect.247realmedia.com
advnt.com pb.tynt.com remotrk.com grfx.mp3.com adcreative.tribuneinteractive.com
dc.5.p2l.info adgallery.whitehousedrugpolicy.gov ad-delivery.net
ads2004.treiberupdate.de subaruofamerica.112.2o7.net api.atdmt.com addthiscdn.com
addthis.com adengine.rt.ru servedby.precisionclick.com geosign.112.2o7.net
platads.com ro1adro.hit.gemius.pl adexprt.com s1.hit.stat.pl a3.websitealive.com
www.ivwboax.de callawaypos.com newlook.112.2o7.net images.sitesense-oo.com
bet.demdex.net ads5.sabah.com.tr www.31d.net manuel.theonion.com
adfu.blockstackers.com imgpromo.easyrencontre.com ad-gbn.com adimages.earthweb.com
businessdirectnessource.com www.adhexa.com gcirm.wisinfo.com adimages.watchmygf.net
ox-d.johnstonpress.co.uk ad4.adfarm1.adition.com do-wn-lo-ad.com p9762.adskape.ru
smart.synergy-e.com psstt.com luycos.com www.ivwbkox.de ua.adriver.ru www.ivwboxz.de
printmail.biz www.jetseeker.com adj10.thruport.com professorbanner.com
adj13.thruport.com adj14.thruport.com adtigerpl.adspirit.net
cnhitribunestar.122.2o7.net adj15.thruport.com clickhouse.com adj19.thruport.com
adj1.thruport.com m8.se.2mdn.net cnt.one.ru adj28.thruport.com adj29.thruport.com
promotions.betfred.com adj2.thruport.com www.gopopup.com sprinks-clicks.about.com
adj30.thruport.com adj31.thruport.com tracking.joker.com lucky-day-uk.com
redir.adap.tv adj35.thruport.com pix.btrll.com 100.mbn.com.ua f3.p0y.com
ad130m.adpdx.com adj41.thruport.com www.art-offer.com count.dba.dk adzones.com
adj45.thruport.com siccash.com adcycle.icpeurope.net gate.hyperpaysys.com
mx01.openinternetexchange.com adj49.thruport.com www.volleyball-doppeldorf.de
adj50.thruport.com finder.cox.net adj55.thruport.com promotion.partnercash.com
w50.am15.net www18.glam.com www.247realmedia.com protection.tnpolice.com
roskatrack.roskadirect.com bin.clearspring.com jgen2.cjt1.net www.exttrem.de
www2.ad.tomshardware.com www99.zapto.org freeserials.ws m7.jp.2mdn.net
10394-4254.ampxchange.com gcirm.centralohio.gcion.com www.2-art-coliseum.com
1274.mediatraffic.com delfiee.adocean.pl st.anthonybryanauthor.com
webtrends.telenet.be www30a2-orig.glam.com cmhtml.overture.com www.dpbolvw.net
urshort.net cd2.odtoidcwe.info ad4.lbn.ru iccee.com cache.unicast.com popuptraf.ru
counter9.bravenet.com www35t.glam.com www3.kampanyatakip.net www4.kampanyatakip.net
nl.topstat.com adultadvertising.com www.actiondesk.com www.onlineuserscounter.com
www8.ad.tomshardware.com n.bodybuilding.com www.junecleeland.com d.ligatus.com
as1.advfn.com www.feaecebook.com privatecash.com services.krxd.net efam4.info
bitcast-d.bitgravity.com roifmd.info m8.nl.2mdn.net websponsors.com
a.tadd.react2media.com spywarelabs.com webanalytics.globalthoughtz.com
www.choicesurveypanel.com www.ivabox.de publishers.bidtraffic.com
ebiads.ebiuniverse.com ifa.hardsexmate.com c2.gostats.com ads1.ad-flow.com
www.topqualityhd.com www.ad.tomshardware.com
videos.fleshlight.com hit.reference-sexe.com track.e7r.com.br
admanager3.collegepublisher.com havamedia.net ivwboex.de www.bannerexchange.co.nz
ns2.oix.net www.art-photo-music-premiumblvd.com root.dns.bz shorte.st
my.aim4media.com click1.mainadv.com www.auctionshare.net trix.net w24.am15.net
mediatext.com ads3.udc.advance.net 008.free-counters.co.uk w12.am15.net
chktrk.ifario.us www.a.websponsors.com rbqip.pochta.ru productopinionpanel.com
www.finanzmarkt2004.de avt.hit.gemius.pl adserver2.christianitytoday.com
www.fetisch-pornos.cxa.de adexcite.com
remotead-internal.cnet.com ads3.adman.gr api.adsymptotic.com
cnhimcalesternews.122.2o7.net www.ivwb0x.de metrics.post-gazette.com
surveymonkeycom.tt.omtrdc.net www.books-media-edu-premiumblvd.com
theunwired.us.intellitxt.com ivwbiox.de newt1.adultworld.com ads1.virtumundo.com
www.brokertraffic.com gpaper204.112.2o7.net www.panazan.ro www.besthitsnow.com
cdn.clicktale.net adserver1.adserver.com.pl www.textbanners.net
log4.quintelligence.com www.oreidofitilho.com.br bridgetrack.speedera.r3h.net
adtag.asiaone.com search.freeonline.com pxl.ibpxl.com gcirm.theolympian.com
www.buttcandy.com api.tumra.com www.joinfree.ro m01.webwise.com
buy-phentermine-online.i-jogo.net www.computersncs.com
www.car-truck-boat-premiumblvd.com pub13.bravenet.com www.icwbox.de teliad.de
cdn1sitescout.edgesuite.net www.casino770.com
analytics.newsinc.com www.clicktale.net obkom.net.ua bwp.news.com adspirit.net
potvaporizer.com 961.com bolero.wemfbox.ch opx.struma.bg www.daily-saver.com
www.wundercounter.com mackeeperapp1.zeobit.com kliks.nl www.dt1blog.com
www.earnpointsandgifts.com www.education-rewardpath.com w9.extreme-dm.com
sqlservercentral.us.intellitxt.com www.electronicspresent.com adspr.haber7.net
zonawm.biz.popunder.ru adserve.gossipgirls.com reseller.sexyads.com
www.entertainment-specials.com 006.free-counter.co.uk retargeter.com
cache.addthiscdn.com www.drowle.com buyhydrocodoneonline.findmenow.info
europol.europe.eu.france.id647744160-2176514326.h5841.com ox-d.footballmedia.com
smile.modchipstore.com creative.ad132m.com www.1priest1nun.com
omniture.theglobeandmail.com d.ads.readwriteweb.com avres.net www.fif49.info
globalismedia.com www.foodmixeroffer.com order-hydrocodone.polybuild.ru
midnightclicking.com xpornstarsckc.ddns.name www1.addfreestats.com www.earnmygift.com
www.freedesignerhandbagreviews.com rewardster.com i9vwbox.de itsptp.com
sspcash.adxcore.com neocounter.neoworx-blog-tools.net www.freedinnersource.com
www.freefoodprovider.com www.chartbeat.com www.free-gifts-comp.com
op.standartnews.com eue.collect-opnet.com www.free-laptop-reward.com
adweb2.hornymatches.com analytic.spamfighter.com sleep-aids.1.p2l.info
logs.loggly.com www.freeoffers-toys.com media01.adservinghost.com
www.alladultdirectories.com c1.thecounter.com www.freeshoppingsource.com
cmap.pub.ace.advertising.com www.games-toys-bonuspath.com didrex.1.p2l.info
ww84.smartadserver.com www.funnelchair.com ad03.doubleadx.com
 tracker.mattel.com postmedia.demdex.net
sobartop.baidu.com clicks.natwest.com www.applelounge.com www.getacoollaptop.com
members.popup.tbn.ru vid.atm.youku.com www.ivbox.de www.getloan.com
gdelv.hit.gemius.pl k5ads.osdn.com rd.alphabirdnetwork.com www.getmyplasmatv.com
uk-ads.openx.net apparel-offer.com rotator.adjuggler.com www.getagiftonline.com
cool-premiums.com nau.hexagram.com tracker.vinsight.de snapads.com
secure.adnxs.com www.giftcardsurveys.us.com proxy.sj4.marketscore.com
www.health-beauty-rewardpath.com thebighits.com www.hotkeys.com www.scrollbelow.com
muk.247realmedia.com m2.ve.2mdn.net all4spy.com www.healthclicks.co.uk 9ivwbox.de
www.hebdotop.com byet.org ivillage.us.intellitxt.com ghmrs.hit.gemius.pl
us.r1.yimg.com m4.uk.2mdn.net www.da-ads.com ad10.speedbit.com avidtrak.com
www.homeelectronicproducts.com phormservice.com freebitmoney.com www.diffusionpub.com
www.track-visits.com go-clicks.de giftrewardzone.com ivwwbox.de hj.flxpxl.com
www.idirect.com mjxads.internet.com www30a7.glam.com w10.am15.net
securitywebservices.com www.clixgalore.com tramadol2006.3xforum.ro
www.impressionperformance.biz german-linkindex.de adprovider.adlure.net
pgmediaserve.com www.count24.de afunnygames.com www.iwantmyfree-laptop.com
te.sun-sentinel.com include.reinvigorate.net biggestgiftrewards.com
image.click.livedoor.com springclick-ads.s3.amazonaws.com malware-live-pro-scanv1.com
artsconsortium.org www.iwantmyfreelaptop.com traffic.pubexchange.com stf.terra.com.br
results.cafefind.net www.travel-leisure-bonuspath.com ad2.lupa.cz
www.konversation.com uedata.amazon.com bwp.findarticles.com weblink.settrade.com
scripts.mofos.com metrics.thedailybeast.com www.kuhdi.com phentermine.petrovka.info
tv2no.linkpulse.com www.laptoprewards.com analytics.ku6.com www.lottoforever.com
layerads.ero-advertising.com buy-viagra.go.to www.ad-words.ru ads1.itadnetwork.co.uk
whabi.csheaven.com www.lpmxp2018.com 4allfree.com stat006.mylivepage.com
adj11.thruport.com spl.hit.gemius.pl www.lpmxp2025.com whoisonline.net
todayshow.us.intellitxt.com
delivery.optimatic.com www.sitepalace.com toolbarnew.biz view.jamba.de
www.medical-rewardpath.com zevents.com bextra.ourtablets.com gcirm.detnews.com
m4.nz.2mdn.net getmylaptopfree.com cbaol.112.2o7.net politicalopinionsurvey.com
www.mktg-offer.com www.mp3playersource.com freefoodsource.com vbadbg.hit.gemius.pl
static.lstat.youku.com click.fivemtn.com dc.kaboodle.com utairway.com
www.myadsl.co.za fioe.info zyrtec.1.p2l.info serv2.ad-rotator.com rewardsflow.com
flowgo.com www.myfreedinner.com te.infoworld.com adrates.theglobeandmail.com
adsynergy.com click.investopedia.com visit.theglobeandmail.com
www.come-see-it-all.com si.adocean.pl embed-stats.rbl.ms
media.adservinginternational.com c2.amazingcounters.com adsnew.internethaber.com
dp2.specificclick.net www.contextweb.com nmcharlotte.112.2o7.net www.na47.com
mobileads.msn.com id11938.luxup.ru www.strawpoii.me crazypopups.com w112.am15.net
adexprt.me dimeprice.com a.amd.com class-act-clicks.com gcirm.flatoday.com
www.news6health.com abscbn.spinbox.net t.senaluno.com m6.it.2mdn.net 2.rubanners.com
www.bnnr.nl brandrewardcentral.com bbcdn.go.arbo.bbelements.com www.cashbackwow.co.uk
www3.oyunstar.com scrooge.newsnet5.com www.opendownload.de
revenuegateway.directtrack.com www.paperg.com tracking.dtiserv2.com www.parsads.com
www.ivw3box.de bi.medscape.com nospartenaires.com widespace.com
www.premium-reward-club.com www.quickbrowsersearch.com t.flux.com
www6.ad.tomshardware.com pub12.bravenet.com onlineindigoca.112.2o7.net
liberty.gedads.com revcontent.com sponsors.thoughtsmedia.com tube8vidsvaj.dnset.com
thefinalfantasy.us.intellitxt.com maps-antivert58.eksuziv.net van.ads.link4ads.com
cdn.komoona.com w105.am15.net geo-errserv.btrll.com www.sa44.net www.consumer-org.com
www.searchwe.com play4traffic.com ct81.dsr.livefyre.com counter15.bravenet.com
del1.phillyburbs.com www.ntdesk.de free.hostdepartment.com adserve.mizzenmedia.com
www.servedby.advertising.com www.sexpartnerx.com technologyreview.qwobl.net
rampidads.com simba.6.cn  itrackerpro.com
adremote.timeinc.net sports-fitness-rewardpath.com buy-cialis.splinder.com
featuring.cinemalink.us www.smart-scripts.com tube8vidsrau.dnset.com www.webabrufe.de
www.sociallypublish.com gwb.lphbs.com adtoma.com gcirm.rgj.com www.fivwbox.de
gcirm.coloradoan.com tailsweep.se www.sponsoradulto.com txn.grabnetworks.com
media2.popmarker.com images.clickfinders.com adrevolver.com epost.122.2o7.net
scrooge.click10.com cornflakes.pathfinder.com dock.inmobi.com atax.teamxbox.com
ads4.canoe.ca www.affiliateclick.com www.symbiosting.com hearstmagazines.112.2o7.net
www9.ad.tomshardware.com adsdaq.com x.azjmp.com www.the-binary-options-guide.com
adj3.thruport.com books-media-rewardpath.com www.traktum.com kona3.kontera.com
sitebrand.geeks.com linksexchange.net
paxil.1.p2l.info cdn.go.arbo.bbelements.com www.wdm29.com arttp.propertypartners.cl
www.travelncs.com serve.mediayan.com o.addthis.com survey1-au.imrworldwide.com
www.video-game-rewards-central.com www.feedjit.com admanager.btopenworld.com
xg4ken.com gpaper166.112.2o7.net e-dot.hut1.ru track.bigbrandpromotions.com
www.leadgreed.com eu1.madsone.com pr.5.p2l.info www.littledevildoubt.com
www.vmcsatellite.com m2.dk.2mdn.net code.adsales.snidigital.com www.ivwb9ox.de
zeroclick.sendori.com start.freeze.com d2zah9y47r7bi2.cloudfront.net
www.yieldmanager.net forex-market.hut1.ru adform.com ads6.ad-flow.com
clk.aboxdeal.com www.yourgascards.com adsbox.detik.com ad101com.adbureau.net
s1.cnzz.com app.activetrail.com harvest176.adgardener.com
adsatt.familyfun.starwave.com www.the-counter.net metric.thenation.com
www.yourgiftrewards.com ox.dateland.co.il jitmj4.122.2o7.net zviframe.biz
at.campaigns.f2.com.au www.yourgiftzone.com m1.nedstatbasic.net
free-laptop-reward.com ss3.zedo.com www.zevents.com ig.fp.oix.net clicksagent.com
tntclix.co.uk gpaper164.112.2o7.net b92adrs.hit.gemius.pl perfiliate.com
yumenetworks.com images.dailydiscounts.com gglcash4u.info z.admob.com
adv.hwupgrade.it cdn.insights.gravity.com server2.mediajmp.com vrs.cz payserve.com
bilbo.counted.com w26.am15.net zapadserver1.com veille-referencement.com
www.divwbox.de apprep.smartscreen.microsoft.com www.rankmaschine.de
tracksitetraffic1.com www.avcounter10.com counter39.bravenet.com
sql-server-driver.beesearch.info pof.com premium-reward-club.com
bomcl.richmetrics.com morefreecamsecrets.com advertising.finditt.com sat-city-ads.com
topping.com.ua ads-rolandgarros.com enterprisenewsmedia.122.2o7.net
yourfreegascard.com allergy.1.p2l.info www.seasonalsamplerspecials.com api.linkz.net
x8x.trickip.net pageranktop.com adserwer.o2.pl like.likewut.net us.b1.yimg.com
ligatus.de us.c1.yimg.com youaresogay.com getmyfreebabystuff.com admonitor.com
us.f1.yimg.com coolpremiumsnow.com src.kitcode.net hitfarm.com www.ivwboxk.de
adtrade.ro jkazaa.cjt1.net zoloft.4.p2l.info admanager.beweb.com
www.food-drink-rewardpath.com asg02.casalemedia.com
 www.ivwblx.de trekblue.com perf.weborama.fr
www.1man2needles.com ru.bbelements.com www.jxliu.com errorkillers.net icwbox.de
www.digimedia.com willhab.oewabox.at larivieracasino.com www.adpepper.dk
www.nothing-but-value.com methodcash.com www.popadvert.com w55.am15.net
www.people-choice-sites.com shareadspace.com w31.am15.net go.redirectingat.com
proxycfg.marketscore.com leadingedgecash.com counter40.bravenet.com
a1.opentracker.net bank11.ads.mp.mydas.mobi heyos.com advancing-technology.com
tcimg.com ngads.smartage.com partage-facile.com 1m6.hanogaveleoy.com ecircle-ag.com
e.invodo.com smartmoney.112.2o7.net youfck.com w19.am15.net adimg.luminate.com
oas-1.rmuk.co.uk xplusone.com ask-gps.ru www.itsfree123.com 7search.com
client-verify.adtricity.com us.j1.yimg.com cm.au.msn.overture.com
blacknite.eu hpglobal.112.2o7.net adcycle.footymad.net www.peachy18.com
www.ad.tgdaily.com www.clashmediausa.com displayadsmedia.com w64.am15.net
www2.glam.com w8.extreme-dm.com www.extreme-dm.com www.wtcorp.net geoip.syracuse.com
clickforwebmasters.com webstats4u.com tvshowsnow.tvmax.hop.clickbank.net
pagerank-server7.de fimserve.ign.com amung.us statistik-gallup.dk
tealium.hs.llnwd.net jt.india.com searchfeast.com go.adlt.bbelements.com
www.addthiscdn.com scrooge.nbc4.com sportsulsan.co.kr highspeedtesting.com
te.stamfordadvocate.com s.admob.com food-drink-rewardpath.com carbonads.net
people-choice-sites.com 48.2mydns.net te.trb.com adclick.com searchforit.com
avwbox.de freeoffers-toys.com finance-offer.com ivwbod.de popcash.net
da.ce.bd.a9.top.list.ru contentwidgets.net cm.npc-gatehouse.overture.com
heavycom.112.2o7.net ad2.bb.ru adcount.ohmynews.com adimg.activeadv.net
www.ivwbox2.de 8ivwbox.de pu.plugrush.com ebocornac.com ifvwbox.de www.ccbillcs.com
px.admonkey.dapper.net phentermine.webpark.pl u4396.79.spylog.com trafic.ro
mp.tscapeplay.com te.signonsandiego.com xml.click9.com iuvwbox.de cdn.nprove.com
mads.gamefaqs.com ivwboix.de c2.thecounter.de cbstv.us.intellitxt.com
britneyspears.ca.tt click.linkstattrack.com ivbox.de tracking.keywordmax.com
beacon.cracked.com chartbeat.net ivbwox.de ccrbudgetca.112.2o7.net api.airpush.com
ivewbox.de ivfwbox.de ivgwbox.de html.wnbc.com ivswbox.de ivwbax.de
scrooge.theomahachannel.com enirocode.adtlgc.com
tamiflu-without-prescription.asian-flu-vaccine.com ivwblx.de ad-media.xe.gr
www.sixsigmatraffic.com images.sexlist.com www.buyhitscheap.com www.frontpagecash.com
icommsol.net a.collective-media.net pubshop.img.uol.com.br advertisingnemesis.com
ivwboax.de ivwbosx.de vdh-rimbach.de us2.siteimprove.com m8.ve.2mdn.net yosba.com
ivwbox4.de www.randppro-cuts.com jgen23.cjt1.net www.productresearchpanel.com
adfiles.pitchforkmedia.com 7x.cc visitorprofiler.com h.zedo.com ivwboxz.de
dff7tx5c2qbxc.cloudfront.net freeshoppingprovider.com counter5.bravenet.com
www.kitchentablegang.org analytics.gameforge.de affiliatefuture.com auto.allewagen.de
conduit.com wwwivwbox.de cpmcartel.com ivwboxg.de synad.nuffnang.com.my
www.phormlabs.com asham.tourstogo.us ivwboxm.de bbcdn.go.adnet.bbelements.com
jadcenter.com cashpartner.com www.nearbyad.com renova.1.p2l.info ivwboxo.de
fastcounter.onlinehoster.net data.gosquared.com www3.bannerspace.com
searchportal.information.com a.remarketstats.com webcompteur.com www.codez-knacken.de
thestar.122.2o7.net chitika.net adpush.dreamscape.com ivwbkx.de click1.rbc.magna.ru
chevelles.us.intellitxt.com static.springmetrics.com toolbar.baidu.com
www.mlntracker.com ch.questionmarket.com maxim.122.2o7.net wp.hit.gemius.pl
antidepressants.1.p2l.info ivwhox.de askmen.thruport.com xlonhcld.xlontech.net
21jewelry.com iwvwbox.de alpha.easy-hit-counters.com iwwbox.de www.ultsearch.com
photos8.pop6.com 2975c.v.fwmrm.net newsletter.adsonar.com www.mondo-shopping.it
articleidea.cn buy-adipex.aca.ru www.c2.thecounter.de pics.skenzo.com
poponthepop.us.intellitxt.com eyeblaster.com phorm.es w102.am15.net
www.ravel-rewardpath.com reklam.ebiuniverse.com www.stressx.org fw.qq.com
adnet.affinity.com analyticcdn.globalmailer.com beauty.finaltips.com jivwbox.de
sysip.net infinite-ads.com www.ivwbpox.de ads8.ad-flow.com kivwbox.de
www.lajourneeducommercedeproximite.fr pbg2cs01.doteasy.com protection.mepolice.com
contentz.mkt912.com link.maxxandmore.com gavzad.keenspot.com www.infopaypal.com
kvwbox.de 0iecfobt.com magazines.sp1.convertro.com adverts.creativemark.co.uk
gpaper105.112.2o7.net s1.buysellads.com www.cash4downloads.com wafmedia3.com
uivwbox.de m9.za.2mdn.net ortho-tri-cyclen.1.p2l.info irondel.swisshost.by
srslogisticts.com sexzoznamka.eu bst.reedbusiness.com directrev.cloudapp.net
www.1ivwbox.de ad2.iinfo.cz phentermine-buy.petrovka.info aripaadee.hit.gemius.pl
icvwbox.de www.uvwbox.de c3.thecounter.com pcads.ru a1.vdna-assets.com
tnttv.112.2o7.net rec.convertale.com librationgacrux.alishazyrowski.com advaction.ru
drug-online.petrovka.info www.openload.de www.7ivwbox.de counting.kmindex.ru
www.9vwbox.de wh.motorpresse-statistik.de babycentercom.112.2o7.net
widgets.kiosked.com www.ecoleprincessedeliege.be relmaxtop.com
slate-ad-scripts.s3.amazonaws.com gatr.hit.gemius.pl count11.51yes.com
l.sharethis.com sageanalyst.net topgamesites.net analytics.upworthy.com
turn.nexac.com www.aerreravasi.com car-insurance.inshurance-from.com web-fill.tk
www.iovwbox.de banki.onet.pl www.iv2wbox.de viagra-store.shengen.ru
www81.valueclick.com www.iv3box.de cdn.segment.io angmar.112.2o7.net www.ivwbeox.de
www.softcha.com www.11zz.com www.v61.com feeds.weselltraffic.com www.ivqwbox.de
www.ivswbox.de online-xanax.petrovka.info adnetwork.rovicorp.com rts.revfusion.net
www.ivwbex.de js.selectornews.com www.ivwbo0x.de view.avenuea.com
questsoftware.112.2o7.net funnyreign.com www.ivwbodx.de youcanoptout.net
brandsurveypanel.com gtop.ro in-appadvertising.com www.freeentertainmentsource.com
appsrv1.madserving.cn www.ivgwbox.de w81.am15.net www35f.glam.com www.adocean.pl
www.ivwbos.de my2.teknoter.com clickad.eo.pl ivwqbox.de content.pop6.com
canadafreepress.us.intellitxt.com www.ivwboc.de www.ivwboxes.de m4.za.2mdn.net
oascentreal.adcritic.com mangler9.generals.ea.com m4.ve.2mdn.net analysis.fc2.com
www.ivwboxn.de adengage.com cdn.onscroll.com sos-medecins-stmalo.fr snoobi.com
jcount.com protection.mspolice.net pixel1553.everesttech.net
www.my-reward-channel.com tube8vidsnrt.ddns.name adhese.standaard.be ss.webring.com
www.sexfind.com adgardener.com ads5.virtual-nights.com www.ivwboxt.de dpbolvw.net
adv.bannercity.ru www.ivwbux.de trafficcdn.liveuniversenetwork.com affiliates.ige.com
partners.webmasterplan.com ssl3.adhost.com www.ivwgbox.de avg.com32.info
acs.agent.v-56.com www.ivwbkx.de media.admob.com spymac.us.intellitxt.com
s.statistici.ro dir.opank.com www.rokus-tgy.hu cm.eyereturn.com baidutv.baidu.com
spinbox.macworld.com d.sspcash.adxcore.com nasacort.1.p2l.info www3.counter.bloke.com
codenew.impresionesweb.com capcityadvcom.112.2o7.net romepartners.com stat.www.fi
www.itrackerpro.com adminshop.com w56.am15.net anm.112.2o7.net 10168.hittail.com
yevwbox.de htmlads.ru www.clickxchange.com www.proflashdata.com
invideo.ero-advertising.com 10pg.scl5fyd.info adonspot.com rev.avsforum.com
gezinti.com www.adnet.com therichkids.com a.total-media.net toofanshadid.com
b120.takru.com www.visitdetails.com 55.2myip.com www.ivwboxb.de www.rightstats.com
6pg.ryf3hgf.info aboutharrypotter.fasthost.tv metrics.target.com supremeadsonline.com
vacation.toppick.info www.a1fax.com www.adserver.co.il oixpre-stage.net
acyclovir.1.p2l.info adderall.ourtablets.com
softlayer.d1.sc.omtrdc.net 314.hittail.com air-plane-ticket.beesearch.info
www.stopphoulplay.com romdiscover.com ak.5.p2l.info tube8vidsolh.ddns.name
mbox3e.offermatica.com pstatic.datafastguru.info dabcc.us.intellitxt.com
destructoid.us.intellitxt.com pllysvaatteiden.rvexecutives.com photos3.pop6.com
images.kolmic.com tats.cecash.com www.hitboxwireless.com ovwbox.de
sidebar.angelfire.com alcohol-treatment.gloses.net m4.sg.2mdn.net cubics.com
www.buy404s.com alyssamilano.1stok.com www.partycasino.com le1er.net
bhgmarketing.112.2o7.net nationalissuepanel.com 2ivwbox.de europe.adserver.yahoo.com
celebwelove.com server2.opentracker.net www.quareclk.com www.y8.com
wwwcultofmaccom.skimlinks.com torstarcollect.247realmedia.com bigclicks.com
www.mgid.com as.5.p2l.info ads15.udc.advance.net atrk.alexametrics.com
bebo.crwdcntrl.net filmschoolrejects.us.intellitxt.com www.subsitesadserver.co.uk
lb-adserver.ig.com.br newsnetw.oewabox.at ru2.hit.stat24.com tui.intelli-direct.com
hit18.hotlog.ru bluelithium.com ivwboxi.de rsense-ad.realclick.co.kr
www.kitaramedia.com madadsmedia.com ad4partners.com kanoodle.com bc.5.p2l.info
adsqqclick.qq.com ozonemedia.adbureau.net s118.cnzz.com
stat0.888.ku6.com bingo-online.petrovka.info www1.popinads.com
33video.33universal.com hits.guardian.co.uk play-poker-free.forsearch.net
geoip.lehighvalleylive.com www.annuaire-autosurf.com esellerate.net www.adinterax.com
www.netpalnow.com admanager2.broadbandpublisher.com ads3.ad-flow.com
adocean-ee.hit.gemius.pl te.advance.net nmkawartha.112.2o7.net images.netcomvad.com
cfrfa.112.2o7.net adipex.1.p2l.info adserv.adbonus.com www.foxcounter.com
stat.komoona.com celebritynation.us.intellitxt.com 86get.joy.cn
buy-hydrocodone.este.ru go.goroost.com track.recreativ.ru www.trackadvertising.net
vid.atdmt.com server11.opentracker.net search.eclickz.com www.adfunkyserver.com
s.ad126m.com buy-hydrocodone.quesaudade.net debt.shengen.ru us.u1.yimg.com
burstmedia.com m3.pl.2mdn.net om.webcrawler.com buy-lortab-cheap-lortab-online.com
c.l.qq.com idvisitor.clickorlando.com s66.cnzz.com buylortabonline.7h.com
buyphentermineonline.bigsitecity.com cache.addthis.com buy-valium.polybuild.ru
affiliation-france.com www.bidvertiser.com adserver1.ogilvy-interactive.de adsrvr.com
foo.cosmocode.de www.emailadvantagegroup.com www.oofun.com home.free-banners.com
ed.at.is13.de m6.jp.2mdn.net search.addthis.com f1.p0y.com camerondiaznude.1stok.com
akamai.invitemedia.com hitboxenterprise.com 404.xxxymovies.com w9.am15.net
ads12.udc.advance.net www.thepounder.com www.freelaptopreward.com
mbs.megaroticlive.com charlizetheron.1stok.com yesads.com vk.18sexporn.ru
new-ads.eurogamer.net impressionaffiliate.com adjuggler.yourdictionary.com
arena.altitude-arena.com online-poker-gambling.petrovka.info hexusads.fluent.ltd.uk
ad-logics.com linkcounter.com server.popads.net www.art-music-rewardpath.com
www.lpmxp2019.com t.nrelate.com www.health-beauty-savingblvd.com
pixel1739.everesttech.net reklam.memurlar.net log.pinion.gg ct.5.p2l.info
wi.5.p2l.info www.incentiverewardcenter.com gcirm.greenvilleonline.gcion.com
tivwbox.de darvocet.ourtablets.com demimoorenude.1stok.com dos.velek.com
promo.lonelywifehookup.com www.ivwboxq.de truehits2.gits.net.th www.ads.revenue.net
farmius.org buyhydrocodone.all.at trafficads.com www.counter.sexhound.nl
www.intellisuggest.com log.mmstat.com vcontent.e-messenger.net realtechnetwork.com
fioricet.4.p2l.info www.tuttosessogratis.org picadmedia.com r.domob.cn
pc-scanner16.com www.hw-ad.de adecn-w.atdmt.com www.entertainment-rewardpath.com
oahop.buyyourbtc.com ox-d.philly.servedbyopenx.com liveintent.com
d13dhn7ldhrcf6.cloudfront.net nmtricity.112.2o7.net weight-loss.1.p2l.info
herpes.4.p2l.info www5.mackolik1.com im.xo.pl imp.euroads.no it.adserver.yahoo.com
bntbcstglobal.112.2o7.net blabla4u.adserver.co.il xenical.1.p2l.info
flonase.3.p2l.info www.fineclicks.com hits.icdirect.com www.belstat.nl
florineff.ql.st voicefive.com www24a.glam.com ads1.canoe.ca track.rtb-media.ru
nsads.sv.publicus.com gaua.hit.gemius.pl turnerclassic.112.2o7.net adworx.nl
www.getmyfreebabystuff.com bluecutsystem.com www.christianbusinessadvertising.com
lnads.osdn.com pc1.dntrax.com online-travel.petrovka.info mmm.vindy.com
m4.no.2mdn.net www.paypopup.com flower-online.petrovka.info justrelevant.com
clashmediausa.com nl-saab.netmining.com gastrointestinal.1.p2l.info
gen-hydrocodone.polybuild.ru trajan.httpool.com buspirone.1.p2l.info
gocarisoprodol.polybuild.ru dubai.best-top.biz www.hitx.net www.intela.com yrwap.cn
w108.am15.net hydro.polybuild.ru j.adlooxtracking.com g-wizzads.net
cnheagletribune.112.2o7.net webcounter.together.net novemberrainx.com
www.savings-specials.com atax.askmen.com m6.au.2mdn.net oix4.net falkag.net
partner.pelikan.cz ivw3box.de t2.softonicads.com m7.br.2mdn.net
hydrocodone-buy-online.blogspot.com 777partner.com alprazolamonline.findmenow.info
i.pcp001.com www.sochr.com nedstat.com pixelbox.uimserv.net www.laptopreportcard.com
www.1girl1pitcher.org ivqbox.de id.5.p2l.info weight-loss.hut1.ru ecomadserver.com
fengfengtiessp.com.cn te.belointeractive.com ivwboxn.de ringieradrs.hit.gemius.pl
jobs-online.petrovka.info beacons.hottraffic.nl clickxchange.com
www.yourhandytips.com controller.foreseeresults.com konstantin.freespaces.com
ivwboxu.de levitra.4.p2l.info yourgiftrewards.com ds.serving-sys.com
www.myseostats.com getafreeiphone.org js.bunchofads.com www.traffictrader.net
ttarget.adbureau.net salomblog.com lexapro.3.p2l.info p.liadm.com metrics.thefa.com
www.xcr-286.com loan.aol.msk.su restore-pc.com transfer.ivwbox.de
network.advertise.com seavideo-ak.espn.go.com www.ads180.com adpepper.nl
cspix.media6degrees.com lol.to honarkhabar.com apps.admission.net
ac1e0.alessakyndraenho.com mb.5.p2l.info oasis.promon.cz rs2.qq.com
mba-online.petrovka.info adcept.net medical.carway.net mens.1.p2l.info
na.link.decdna.net projectwonderful.com kalantzis.net mo.5.p2l.info
erectile.byethost33.com w15.am15.net dougmlee.com mrjeweller.us
protection.mdpolice.com bob.crazyshit.com www.wilddreams.info m3.se.2mdn.net
showads1000.pubmatic.com mt.5.p2l.info sat1.ivwbox.de go.arboru.bbelements.com
www.aucoeurdelanature.com adj24.thruport.com webcamsex.nl p.adpdx.com
 www.securityscan.us www.8ivwbox.de
norton-antivirus-trial.searchservice.info hints.netflame.cc ivwboox.de iw.antthis.com
nelsongod.ca adserver2.adserver.com.pl adipics.com buyvicodinonline.veryweird.com
www.tattooshaha.info ivwpox.de jmn.jangonetwork.com adserv.muchosucko.com
dads.new.digg.com ivwb9ox.de adimages.sanomawsoy.fi ok.5.p2l.info
d32k27yvyi4kmv.cloudfront.net z5x.net ad5.lbn.ru redirect.lifax.biz static.adtaily.pl
click.maxxandmore.com nasonex.1.p2l.info oasc05050.247realmedia.com lstat.youku.com
tvzebra.popunder.ru www.mycashback.co.uk www.wegetpaid.net gajo.hit.gemius.pl
online-auto-insurance.petrovka.info goggle.com imrk.net wangluoruanjian.com
code-server.biz comclick.com emapadserver.com identads.com www.mightymagoo.com
www.electronics-bonuspath.com ivwbox8.de replacement-windows.gloses.net
markbruinink.nl www.tostadomedia.com angvac.112.2o7.net cmap.at.ace.advertising.com
qivwbox.de  ad3.lbn.ru buy-flower.petrovka.info
stats2.dooyoo.com ptreklam.net teprom.it www.save-plan.com adserver-4.ig.com.br
ivwboux.de acs.56.com adzservice.theday.com c.am10.ru cribdare2no.com
amoxicillin.ourtablets.com commissionmonster.com af-ad.co.uk affiliate.mymall.bg
scrooge.channeloklahoma.com www.yibaruxet.cn t1.adserver.com
www.relevantknowledge.com clickability.com mb01.com count6.rbc.ru kiks.yandex.ru
download-archiver.ru www.scotiaonline.scotiabank.salferreras.com viewpoint.com
vxv.phre.net adee.hit.gemius.pl sc10.net s1.2mdn.net ma.5.p2l.info
myhousetechnews.com maxxaffiliate.directtrack.com craktraffic.com www.spywarespy.com
crediblegfj.info melding-technology.com infospace.com.112.2o7.net w113.am15.net
demandbase.com kona6.kontera.com pub.chez.com plengeh.wen.ru eas8.emediate.eu
displaypagerank.com mybloglog.com m9.cn.2mdn.net bansys.onzin.com cf.kampyle.com
www.jersey-offer.com www.thatrendsystem.com sunny99.cholerik.cz copyright-reform.info
img.discovery.com c.amazon-adsystem.com ivw2box.de canwestcom.112.2o7.net
stat001.mylivepage.com www.yehuam.com openinternetexchange.org reklam.yonlendir.com
www.fast-adv.it idg.hit.gemius.pl chewbacca.cybereps.com ccudl.com brnys.netmng.com
delivery.clickonometrics.pl data.captifymedia.com speedynewsclips.com
col.eum-appdynamics.com flonase.4.p2l.info w76.am15.net ivwblox.de
adserver2.mediainsight.de analytics.dev.popdust.com www10.indiads.com x.interia.pl
trustsitesite.com www.adserver.com.pl www.see-sexe-mode.com aidu-ads.de
ads4.advertwizard.com idea21.org dmtracking.alibaba.com adv.440net.com
overstock.tt.omtrdc.net at.m1.nedstatbasic.net photos6.pop6.com entk.net
majorgeeks.us.intellitxt.com itunesdownloadstore.com www.laugh-mail.net
trk.alskeip.com dmtracking2.alibaba.com fxclix.com oasads.whitepages.com
valium.este.ru www.cheap-laptops-notebook-computers.info widget.quantcast.com
elitetoplist.com buy-carisoprodol.polybuild.ru boersego-ads.de kitaramedia.com
www.bestshopperrewards.com i.pxlad.io enquisite.com www.finder.cox.net
rank-master.com emediate.eu d5.zedo.com www.tubgirl.me earnmygift.com classicjack.com
xanax-online.dot.de annanicolesmith.1stok.com asb.tynt.com counter8.bravenet.com
macdailynews.us.intellitxt.com us.p1.yimg.com whenu.com www.g4whisperermedia.com
wzus1.life123.com ut.addthis.com e-planning.net p.ic.tynt.com track.written.com
viagra.3.p2l.info bargainbeautybuys.com www.ivwboex.de resolvethem.com
hit19.hotlog.ru promote-bz.net csmail.iggcn.com euroclick.com nbcustr.netmng.com
graphics.medleyads.com te.boston.com colonize.com ads-bg.info mypagerank.net
arcadebanners.com go2.hit.gemius.pl
www.shoppingsiterewards.com realteencash.com acvs.mediaonenetwork.net
cn.ad.adon.vpon.com drowle.com obs.nnm2.ru b1.adbrite.com adplay.tudou.com
exchangead.com us.q1.yimg.com hobby-hangar.net www.mygreatrewards.com tx.5.p2l.info
ivwboks.de carisoprodol.1.p2l.info m1.au.2mdn.net www.lpmxp2014.com danban.com
admotion.com.ar st.pay-click.ru actforvictory.112.2o7.net yx-in-f108.1e100.net
trafmag.com geo.digitalpoint.com www.holika.com wellbutrin.3.p2l.info advertserve.com
y.ibsys.com window.nixnet.cz www.nctracking.com valium.hut1.ru red01.as-us.falkag.net
republika.onet.pl www.thesocialsexnetwork.com w67.am15.net www.googkle.com cj.com
st.adnow.com programmerworld.us.intellitxt.com m6.cn.2mdn.net pain-relief.1.p2l.info
custom3hurricanedigitalmedia.com postclick.adcentriconline.com www.adsoftware.com
updated.com pix360.co.nf www.linkhut.com assets3.admulti.com skelaxin.3.p2l.info
cs.adxpansion.com symbiosting.com zeus.developershed.com conversionruler.com
ads1.empiretheatres.com jque.net wp-club.net adv-adserver.com www.japscat.org
ads2.adbrite.com casino-online.100gal.net track.moreniche.com ns.5.p2l.info
flagcounter.com valuecommerce.com gcirm.lsj.com
adserver2.teracent.net ca.abv.bg www.medical-research-books.com popups.ad-logics.com
www.ivwbocx.de toolbarbest.biz aim4media.com hentaicounter.com only-valium.shengen.ru
buy-hydrocodone.scromble.com toolbar.soso.com www.uriyuri.com
entertainment-specials.com ad2.yam.com
afi.adocean.pl bravospots.com wigetmedia.com
easyweb.tdcanadatrust.secureserver.host1.customer-identification-process.b88600d8.com
microstatic.pl www.iv3wbox.de loseweight.asdjiiw.com nsads.us.publicus.com
universetoday.us.intellitxt.com ceskydomov.alias.ngs.modry.cz trafficmasterz.net
www.suiviperf.com www213.paypopup.com www.feminelle.be
www.pay-pal.com-cgibin-canada.4mcmeta4v.cn baner.energy-torrent.com mbn.com.ua
totemcash.com viagra-pill.blogspot.com www4.at.debianbase.de nstat.tudou.com
receive.inplay.scanscout.com surfmusik-adserver.de bannerfarm.ace.advertising.com
fast.td.demdex.net d1.24counter.com mypowermall.com antivirus-message.com
cybermonitor.com media.popmarker.com mrskincash.com atemda.com
bingorevenue.directtrack.com sponsorpro.de www.wwwivwbox.de www.yourhotgiftzone.com
bloodguru.net wtlive.com 9am.count.brat-online.ro web2.realtracker.com
searchassistant.iwon.com w46.am15.net www.entercasino.com openad.travelnow.com
hollandbusinessadvertising.nl chip.ivwbox.de homepageking.de eusta.de gcads.osdn.com
tiads.essence.com adlv.hit.gemius.pl rs1.qq.com c.nl.msn.com i-lookup.com
www.trafficbeamer.nl tizers.net openx.net.hr fineclicks.com rainbow-mx.mythings.com
imagecash.net www.lpmxp2021.com hit.webcentre.lycos.co.uk s32.bilsay.com
forgotten-deals.com doubleviking.us.intellitxt.com server-it.imrworldwide.com
www30.glam.com orf.oewabox.at spezialreporte.de adlure.net nythglobe.112.2o7.net
w101.am15.net www4.bannerspace.com phpmyvisites.net usatravel-specials.net
0koryu0.easter.ne.jp www1.nuseek.com ads16.hyperbanner.net www.nakhit.com
alegratka.eu marketing.osijek031.com www.ad6media.fr admarvel.com bridgetrack.com
ads6.gamecity.net k5zoom.com mastermind.com iperceptions.com
southcoasttoday.112.2o7.net seasonalsamplerspecials.com input.insights.gravity.com
tracking.tomshardware.com freepay.com its-that-easy.com shoptosaveenergy.com
engine.rorer.ru mt15.mtree.com ads-rouge.haber7.com cache.adnet-media.net
trackmysales.com sweetsforfree.com counter21.bravenet.com www.via22.net
slickaffiliate.com clicks.rbs.co.uk homeimprovementonus.com a.trkme.net
ex-traffic.com famvir.1.p2l.info www.ficken-ficken-ficken.cxa.de keymedia.hu
www.ivwbopx.de cdn.adnotch.com ranking-links.de www.pressurespot.com www.ivwboix.de
777seo.com 7x7.ruwe.net pub39.bravenet.com ultsearch.com www.ikvwbox.de www.grz67.com
wetyt.tourstogo.us www.myairbridge.com guptamedianetwork.com awin1.com
bigbangmedia.com mas.sector.sk tubgirl.org audience2media.com linktrack.bravenet.com
ua.badongo.com c03.adsummos.net cj.dotomi.com popupdomination.com
centrumcz.hit.gemius.pl levelrate.de papamamandoudouetmoi.com kuhdi.com
metrics.soundandvision.com i1img.com harvest.adgardener.com linkshighway.net
pages.etology.com www.lyzgs.com photos7.pop6.com www.zemgo.com www.adsupplyads.com
ethpolice.com tracking.opencandy.com.s3.amazonaws.com dietoftoday.ca.pn
www.impressionaffiliate.com www.ivwpox.de www.00fun.com idvisitor.foreignpolicy.com
adsmart.co.uk 207.net www.kajahdfssa.net iivwbox.de
buy-cialis-cheap-cialis-online.info greev.randbinternationaltravel.com
online-poker.shengen.ru mmsshopcom.112.2o7.net scopelight.com
home-garden-premiumblvd.com lop.com adtrading.de d9.zedo.com www.flowers-offer.com
retarcl.net webeffective.keynote.com www.fhserve.com chart.dk bluehparking.com
tools.ad-net.co.uk hydramedia.com serv.tooplay.com aka-cdn.adtechus.com i.yldbt.com
p2408.adskape.ru ivwboxj.de netagent.cz triboo01.webtrekk.net admex.com
conversion-pixel.invitemedia.com img.marketgid.com adguanggao.eee114.com
www.redsheriff.com results.wonderfullinks.info datacapture.serving-sys.com
www.hot-daily-deal.com law-enforcement-ocr.bahosss.ru tr.prospecteye.com a.ucoz.ru
www4.burstnet.com pheedo.com maxisoft.co.uk iwbox.de tacoda.net www.ivwbiox.de
www.shopping-artikel.de stats1.corusradio.com red03.as-us.falkag.net
engine.adzerk.net cibleclick.com www.credit-dreams.com protection.vapolice.com
widgets.tcimg.com www30a5.glam.com ad10.play3.de
online-forex-trading-systems.blogspot.com www.morevisits.info stat1.888.ku6.com
bms.xenium.bg www.ads2srv.com travidiathebrick.112.2o7.net rakuten.112.2o7.net
web-hosting.hitslog.net first.nova.cz adforce.com 5d427.v.fwmrm.net cpays.com
phormchina.com megago.com newjunk4u.com impressionmedia.cz rankyou.com
www.adlantis.jp books-media-edu-rewardempire.com www.getmyfreelaptophere.com
jppol.nuggad.net www.hitslink.com mixtraffic.com www.nextstudent.com s1.cz.adocean.pl
service.bfast.com gamehouse.com www.adjug.com www.7500.com traficdublu.ro
www.supremeadsonline.com ar.5.p2l.info vast.bp3845260.btrll.com lank.ru
data.ads.t-online.de fast-adv.it counter27.bravenet.com buy-xanax.aztecaonline.net
designtechnica.us.intellitxt.com kompasads.com ma204-r.analytics.edgesuite.net
geoloc11.geovisite.com ivwbox0.de myaffiliateprogram.com fpctraffic2.com
primaryads.com www.poker-unique.com ad2.smni.com www.freeadguru.com ads2.oneplace.com
w.oix.net parkcloud.dynadot.com www.getacool100.com www.adspoll.com
www.bargainbeautybuys.com re.kontera.com mobclix.com adcentriconline.com
www.linkconnector.com reklam.misli.com idods.hsb-vps.co.uk m8.de.2mdn.net
order-valium.polybuild.ru media2.adshuffle.com silurian.cn s61.cnzz.com
computerwoche.de.intellitxt.com 1.forgetstore.com 1und1.ivwbox.de oasis.zmh.zope.com
asd.vicentelopez.us ads04.hyperbanner.net photos5.pop6.com zafiti01.webtrekk-us.net
ad8.speedbit.com www.lpmxp2023.com www.dolanadserver.com pixel.facebook.com
entry-stats.huffingtonpost.com a.mobify.com geo.yahoo.com
media.customeracquisitionsite.com adnetwork.net affiliatetracking.net
rr3.xxxcounter.com www.wivwbox.de republer.com linkexchange.com tracker.mtrax.net
bokee.allyes.com wellnessmonitor.bravehost.com 5bde1.v.fwmrm.net
metrics2.pricegrabber.com numax.nu-1.com miarroba.com tendersource.com
www.megastats.com biwwltvcom.112.2o7.net paix1.sc1.admob.com pagerank-estate-spb.ru
cdn.admixer.net hf.themafia.info static.mediav.com track-apmebf.cj.akadns.net
ns1.webwise.net www.freefuelcard.com b.ensighten.com globe7.com newnet.qsrch.com
www4.epac.to www.appnexus.com www.home4bizstart.ru isg09.casalemedia.com
softclick.com.br us.k1.yimg.com ppc-parked.domainsite.com api-public.addthis.com
cluster.adultworld.com cb.amazingcounters.com adslvfile.qq.com m2.za.2mdn.net
reduxmediagroup.com w83.am15.net x.iasrv.com tropiccritics.com
protection.jmpolice.com rise-media.ru traffic-exchange.com tracker.baidu.com
delivery.ipvertising.com www.dating-banners.com m7.za.2mdn.net q.b.h.cltomedia.info
vs.tucows.com clicks.walla.co.il adindex.ocweekly.com ionamin.t35.com
vicodin-store.shengen.ru www.affiliate-fr.com content.mkt51.net criteo.com ivebox.de
your-gift-zone.com macworld.uk.intellitxt.com fg.softguy.com japanese-girl-xxx.com
cbcca.112.2o7.net freeimghost.trafflow.com www.webconnect.net asn.advolution.de
mgwspa.112.2o7.net a1.interclick.com interclick.com the-smart-stop.com acuityads.com
nationalpost-com.c.richmetrics.com actonel.about-tabs.com video.dmtracker.com
testtralala.xorg.pl raphahk.org www.buycheapadvertising.com kt-g.de www.7search.com
adservices02.picadmedia.com syndication.traffichaus.com www.b3d.com
record.commissionlounge.com tiads.health.com metrics.olivegarden.com
islamicmarketing.net ad3.nationalreview.com photos.pop6.com adj23.thruport.com
phorm.ro contextad.pl ads2.ljworld.com hbadz.eboz.com actualdeals.com adsrvr.org
whitehorsetechnologies.net jgen32.cjt1.net host207.ewtn.com top20.com te.about.com
www.nimp.org adsponse.de bpath.com ivwbox5.de liveinternet.ru adstest.weather.com
referralware.com admailtiser.com adv.adview.pl tradearabia.advertserve.com
ircleaner.com tste.ivillage.com ugo.eu-adcenter.net
scout.scoutanalytics.net itrengia.com w6.am15.net static.smni.com topsites.com.br
www.payperranking.com metacount.com n.ads1-adnow.com count.channeladvisor.com
dogpile.112.2o7.net adsfac.net advertstream.com www.yourfreegascard.com tailsweep.com
s9.cnzz.com nym1.ib.adnxs.com a3.mediagra.com
mediapst.adbureau.net forex-chart.hut1.ru hosting-controlpin.tk
group11.iperceptions.com freebanner.com www.system4.nl marchen-toy.co.jp
openx.imoti.net cdn.yb0t.com zgsysz.com at-adserver.alltop.com m1.de.2mdn.net
mlbcolorado.112.2o7.net search.dmtracker.com trafficswarm.com fu.golikeus.net
shinystat.it tpnads.com civwbox.de wprp.zemanta.com in.yimg.com link-booster.de
zdf.ivwbox.de 2girls1cup-free.com users173.lolipop.jp vuokraovi.spring-tns.net
a.update.51edm.net counter14.bravenet.com www.sayfabulunamadi.com
iwose.buyyourbtc.com takru.com api.intensifier.de adrotator.net www.wowjs.1www.cn
www.links-private-krankenversicherung.de bbnaut.bbelements.com www.ivvwbox.de
 4d5.net freecharge.demdex.net
tiads.sportsillustrated.cnn.com www.ibvwbox.de c1.outster.com cxoadfarm.dyndns.info
ivwboxy.de adopt.euroclick.com jgen25.cjt1.net richwebmaster.com galaxien.com
m6.sg.2mdn.net image.linkexchange.com trendcounter.com propecia.1.p2l.info
freeelectronicscenter.com 8vwbox.de a.teads.tv protection.pgpolice.com measuremap.com
thesearchworks.com incentiverewardcenter.com ivwboyx.de pub50.bravenet.com
tubedspots.com d1z2jf7jlzjs58.cloudfront.net rb.burstway.com www.lasthr.info
p.publico.es chaveiro.bio.br m1.za.2mdn.net publicis.adcentriconline.com ipadzu.net
s0b.bluestreak.com yourgascards.com secure.informacion.com www1.clicktorrent.info
te.nytdigital.com familyupport1.com bestorican.com pmg.ad-logics.com
overstock.com.112.2o7.net ssl.clickbank.net meridiameridia.3xforum.ro
traffic.liveuniversenetwork.com www.buscamundo.com www.the-smart-stop.com
tube8vidsxpp.dnset.com assets1.exgfnetwork.com phorm.dk goodbizez.com
gannett.demdex.net www.infra.by marketingenhanced.com subscribe.hearstmags.com
hermes.airad.com www.cross-plus-a.com www.regflow.com yieldlab.net
www7.ad.tomshardware.com www.cleanbrowser.com mediaz.angloinfo.com
otto-images.developershed.com casinotreasure.com n.ads3-adnow.com
adserv.bulletinmarketing.com free.aol.com
metric.starz.com casga.sogesca.al gap.112.2o7.net suresafe1.adsovo.com c.webwise.com
statistics.elsevier.nl m5.jp.2mdn.net insightexpress.com phorm.kr puush.in
scrooge.nbc11.com s37.cnzz.com scripte-monster.de forvideo.at www.searchnut.com
whatthetech.us.intellitxt.com adtxt.prbn.ru hotkeys.com www.infotelsrl.com
uf2.svrni.ca intactro.adocean.pl rads.stackoverflow.com pagesense.com
getyourgiftnow3.blogspot.com protection.nzpolice.com eniro.hit.gemius.pl
gcirm.injersey.com www.postnewsads.com te.wsls.com adj7.thruport.com
employ26.112.2o7.net www.dietoftoday.ca.pn a.ss34.on9mail.com filitrac.com
linkreferral.com quik-serv.com amateur-mature-sex.adaltabaza.net
ir-de.amazon-adsystem.com scrippsfoodnetnew.112.2o7.net yourgiftzone.com mediative.ca
w1.am15.net track.xtrasize.nl w54.am15.net www.ivwsbox.de script.top66.ro idot.cz
www.home-garden-rewardpath.com download.favorit-network.com www.skattabrain.com
top6.list.ru s.weheartstats.com www.belstat.be cheap-hydrocodone.polybuild.ru
www.5thavenue.com www.fiduciariobajio.com.mx euroranking.de onlinerewardcenter.com
hit41.hotlog.ru emarketer.com gpaper162.112.2o7.net 2278.stats.misstrends.com
img-a2.ak.imagevz.net sinera.org servethis.com ads7.udc.advance.net
steelhousemedia.com rlcdn.com qs.oewabox.at
121media.com pacific-poker.e-online-poker-4u.net affiliate.7host.com
www.estats4all.com bannermarkt.nl pd1.funnyhost.com visual-pagerank.fr
www12.ad.tomshardware.com megapanel.gem.pl adj34.thruport.com
www.gifts-flowers-rewardpath.com www.getsmart.com www.ivwobx.de gabg.hit.gemius.pl
c2.l.qq.com m3.ca.2mdn.net xq1.net www.mongoosemetrics.com nodevice.uk.intellitxt.com
funsilly.com supertop100.com 24pm-affiliation.com online-mortgage.petrovka.info
www.ivw2box.de inspectorclick.com viagra-online.petrovka.info www.trafficrevenue.net
worldwide-cash.net sexyfemalewrestlingmovies-d.com media.markethealth.com srwww1.com
fluoxetine.1.p2l.info zyrdu.cruisingsmallship.com aolpolls.112.2o7.net
casinogames.com fixbonus.com www.themacuser.org weborg.hut1.ru
cmap.am.ace.advertising.com oewabox.at iconadserver.com m9.fi.2mdn.net
evidencecleanergold.com 33b.b33r.net s5.addthis.com pagerank-submitter.de ivwnox.de
donotwatch.org gcirm.pressconnects.com impressionz.co.uk youcanoptin.org
st.sageanalyst.net p0rnuha.com w3.extreme-dm.com pagerank.jklir.net konflow.com
getmyfreegiftcard.com affiliate.googleusercontent.com jcontent.bns1.net
www.historykill.com joetec.net ad-u.com ox-d.majorgeeks.com analytics.userreport.com
plasmatv4free.com www.consumergiftcenter.com static.youmi.net actionflash.com
ad1.kde.cz assets.percentmobile.com warp2search.us.intellitxt.com download.56.com
ybinst0.ec.yimg.com www.angolotesti.it affiliate.baazee.com ccc00.opinionlab.com
s.rev2pub.com gpaper140.112.2o7.net www.dctracking.com reklam.softreklam.com
www.rscounter10.com ed.at.thamaster.de www.broadcastpc.tv www.grabbit-rabbit.com
i.media.cz blogherads.com uc.csc.adserver.yahoo.com anetfi.tradedoubler.com
p.profistats.net cdn.betrad.com adnetinteractive.com geolocation.t-online.de
ivwboxp.de www.healthyaltprods.com sel.as-eu.falkag.net media.nk-net.pl phorm.tv.tr
s.clx.ru www.directpowerrewards.com ff.connextra.com te.ap.org www.top-rank.pl
admedia.wsod.com www6.burstnet.com ks.5.p2l.info edgeio.com afantispy.com
actiondesk.com delb.mspaceads.com roulette-online.petrovka.info www.buildtrafficx.com
juggler.services.disqus.com adbnr.ru seo4india.com adstome.com clicks.mods.de
online-broker.petrovka.info www.lpmxp2017.com phentermine-buy-online.hitslog.net
searchramp.com in.paycounter.com catalinkcashback.com mx01.openinternetexchange.net
adipex.t-amo.net www.ivwboxh.de forextrading.hut1.ru com.htmlwww.youfck.com
www.bivwbox.de w69.am15.net peerfly.com wondoads.de adbunker.com ftp.dgaspf.gob.ar
trafficsecrets.com xtendmedia.com rccl.bridgetrack.com savemanny.us.intellitxt.com
x-hydrocodone.info ivwbyx.de t.pusk.ru scanscout.com www.sports-offer.com
images.emapadserver.com w8.am15.net imitrex.3.p2l.info ievwbox.de static.criteo.net
www.ourfuckbook.com nx-adv0005.247realmedia.com yasmin.1.p2l.info www.getacool500.com
ademails.com zantracker.com phorm.in www.freedownloadzone.com alex.fileburst.com
gntbcstwlbz.112.2o7.net spyware.usafreespace.com www.playertraffic.com
gail.hit.gemius.pl rdt.screensaver.com track.oxcash.com ca.altitude-arena.com
misstrends.com buycialisonline.7h.com dis.ny.us.criteo.com ebony.streamate.com
analytics.hgcdn.net textads.opera.com rcm-na.amazon-adsystem.com w114.am15.net
te.versiontracker.com ivwboxf.de adserv.geocomm.com indpolice.com ad2.ip.ro
w80.am15.net w42.am15.net
scanner.best-protect.info r1-ads.ace.advertising.com ca.5.p2l.info
betting-online.petrovka.info european-toplist.de 1au.cqcounter.com
www210.paypopup.com lexapro.4.p2l.info ivwgbox.de theadhost.com drmcmm.baidu.com
fast.everydayhealth.demdex.net htmlads.s3.amazonaws.com usun.112.2o7.net
ad-universe.com cablevision.112.2o7.net photos4.pop6.com
buy-vicodin-online.supersite.fr online-cigarettes.hitslog.net tracking.affiliates.de
dc.webtrends.com clk.atdmt.com technicads.com arabtechmessenger.net
prilosec.1.p2l.info te.scrippsnewspapersprivacy.com ece5stats1.theglobeandmail.com
m7.pl.2mdn.net static.chartbeat.com sellpic.in cqcounter.com ds-ll.serving-sys.com
downloads.mytvandmovies.com amer.hops.glbdns.microsoft.com www.oix.com
pub.realmedia.fr wdm29.com navrcholu.cz bluestreak.com gettyimages.122.2o7.net
www.allosponsor.com ad6.horvitznewspapers.net onestatfree.com
ma156-r.analytics.edgesuite.net cloud-observer.ip-label.net static.gtop.ro
ng3.ads.warnerbros.com track.blvdstatus.com www.smsmovies.net wlmarketing.com
buy-vicodin-online.i-blog.net tracker.wordstream.com zanox.com
stl.p.a1.traceworks.com www.affiliation-france.com sonata.1.p2l.info
taobaoafp.allyes.cn automotive-rewardpath.com protection.lapolice.com admob.com
www.coreglead.co.uk nt-associates.com sofa01.webtrekk.net
belstat.com ashow.pcpop.com stat.pl e-m.fr www.akoneplatit.sk www.simpli.fi
www.adreporting.com web1b.netreflector.com stat24.com asg09.casalemedia.com
merrymilkfoods.com tps30.doubleverify.com rle.ru mangler5.generals.ea.com
winsetupcostotome.easthamvacations.info d.adroll.com www.lpmxp2020.com
bestshopperrewards.com www.loltrain.com adtology.com indieclick.com metrics.gap.com
ivwbx.de tailsweep.co.uk 2wnpf.tld.cc amazingcounters.com harrenmedia.com
adserv.mako.co.il banlv.baidu.com www.travel-leisure-premiumblvd.com
diazepam.razma.net www.dsply.com wap.casee.cn d3c3cq33003psk.cloudfront.net
openads.nightlifemagazine.ca lib6.libstat.com www.islamic-banners.com myhitbox.com
freeplasmanation.com eevwbox.de static.openads.motorrad-net.at
imads.integral-marketing.com www.fusionbanners.com dron.leandroiriarte.com
thinknyc.eu-adcenter.net off.music-oasis.com adagiof3.repubblica.it checkstat.nl
hit.ua zirve100.com stats6.lightningcast.net www.6ivwbox.de affiliate.viator.com
weatherbugbrowserbar.mywebsearch.com mystats.com w.ahalogy.com logger.virgul.com
buy-hydrocodone-online.tche.com www.image-png.us count25.51yes.com adyea.com
adnetwork.buzzlogic.com quantcast.com static.adziff.com phorm.co.in
static.plugrush.com bestlolaray.com lpcloudsvr302.com xertive.com www.trafficg.com
utarget.co.uk monsterpops.com www.sexsponsors.com www.advertising.com
mailtribune.112.2o7.net enginenetwork.com invitefashion.com himediads.com
s1.directxex.com www.cool-premiums-now.com ivwbbox.de w17.am15.net
webmaster-partnerprogramme24.de on.5.p2l.info werbung.meteoxpress.com s9.addthis.com
www.arbeitssuche-web.de xanax-online.run.to oivwbox.de our.affiliatetracking.net
w106.am15.net www.brandsurveypanel.com www.speedcount.de wm-goldenclick.ru
travel-leisure-premiumblvd.com edafologiko.gr olivebrandresponse.com
aams1.aim4media.com survey.112.2o7.net superclix.de u3102.47.spylog.com
protection.sbpolice.com or.5.p2l.info adv.adgates.com cyppolice.com
cyclobenzaprine.1.p2l.info adrolays.de ad4.liverail.com thatsjustgay.com adxvalue.com
static.adwo.com www.iwbox.de al.5.p2l.info adman.otenet.gr ptreklam.com.tr whispa.com
darmowe-liczniki.info gcirm.democratandchronicle.com us.s1.yimg.com in.5.p2l.info
parking.dmtracker.com euros4click.de www.resolvingserver.com a.wishabi.com
m.de.2mdn.net www.hightrafficads.com track.revolvermarketing.ru textads.biz
js.hotkeys.com proxy.or3.marketscore.com adocean-ua.hit.gemius.pl
metrics.radioshack.com advariant.com m9.de.2mdn.net ivwbox7.de ivwbolx.de
gwynethpaltrow.ca.tt webmasterplan.de imprese.cz begun.ru
united-airline-fare.100pantyhose.com d6.zedo.com ivsbox.de kona5.kontera.com
nc.5.p2l.info ivwbpox.de paypopup.com netads.sohu.com lortab-cod.hut1.ru
eternal.reklamlab.com www.discount-savings-more.com free-viagra.polybuild.ru
www.premiumsmail.net sec.hit.gemius.pl www.ivwbosx.de grafstat.ro
solution.weborama.fr luxpolice.com media.richrelevance.com iadnet.com ads15.bpath.com
topbarh.box.sk auto-bannertausch.de bpm.tags.bigpondmedia.com oasc07.247realmedia.com
adexpose.com top20free.com publiccasinoil.com adspirit.de assets.luminate.com
www.premiumholidayoffers.com th.2.cqcounter.com netincap.com japscat.org
ranking-liste.de waterfrontmedia.112.2o7.net advertisingbox.com viglink.pgpartner.com
adj52.thruport.com ampedmedia.directtrack.com optimization-methods.com ws03.do.nu
mx03.phorm.com rok.com.com w84.am15.net cdn.file2desktop.com aguileranude.1stok.com
us.cqcounter.com computer-offer.com tagular.com ivwpbox.de pixelcounter.elmundo.es
www.hookedmediagroup.com rts.sparkstudios.com tapad.com aads.treehugger.com
adserver1.realtracker.com true-counter.com fimserve.com tracking.crobo.com
themecounter.com www.yevwbox.de www.petpleasers.ca ativan.ourtablets.com
xfuckbook.com synchrobox.adswizz.com clickthrucash.com www.icvwbox.de
ev.yieldbuild.com sports-bonuspath.com www.kaplanindex.com wivwbox.de
nytadvertising.nytimes.com tcads.net natmasla.ru mxmacromedia.112.2o7.net
freenation.com ww147.smartadserver.com ads2ads.net www.mmtracking.com
www.pconpoint.com ads07.hyperbanner.net admd.yam.com www.clicktilluwin.com
www.ivwboxm.de adorigin.com publishing.kalooga.com ciao.ivwbox.de findyourcasino.com
qa.stats.webs.com gossipcenter.us.intellitxt.com specialoffers.aol.com
lt.angelfire.com videoslots.888.com lcbcad.co.uk vertadnet.com overture.com
recreation-leisure-rewardpath.com seduction-zone.com lc17.prod.livefyre.com
diazepam.shengen.ru aktif.haberx.com te.orlandosentinel.com www.media-motor.com
smetrics.att.com mpv.sandai.net megacash.de m3.dk.2mdn.net www.lpmxp2027.com
p.l.qq.com engine.cmmeglobal.com blogrush.com log.statistici.ro www.willcommen.de
freedesignerhandbagreviews.com webstat.com ads2.collegeclub.com ionamin.1.p2l.info
myrating.ljseek.com widget.criteo.com swordfishdc.com click-see-save.com hm.l.qq.com
supplements.1.p2l.info cdn.engine.trklnks.com iavwbox.de media.pussycash.com
online-single.petrovka.info intelglobal.112.2o7.net www.ad-groups.com www.adtaily.pl
playhaven.com www35jm.glam.com aserve.directorym.com www.click4click.com
www.uleadstrk.com sweettalk.co dialerporn.com prescription-drugs.shengen.ru
sexinyourcity.com www.bangbuddy.com top100.mafia.ru counter11.bravenet.com
ds.247realmedia.com boost-my-pr.de hydrocodone.t-amo.net inboxdollars.com
pro-advertising.com reklamcsere.hu ivwhbox.de count.rin.ru pepperjamnetwork.com
kitchen-island.mensk.us tracktrue.clicktrue.biz d.cntv.cn www.cpmaffiliation.com
gdyn.nba.com m4.nl.2mdn.net www.salldo.de mobularity.com chainsawoffer.com
oix.phorm.com geoip.securitetotale.com jgen10.cjt1.net education-rewardpath.com
c.dk.msn.com express-submit.de stat.alibaba.com reefaquarium.biz iwstat.tudou.com
www.adtlgc.com media.naked.com www.food-drink-bonuspath.com ratings.lycos.com
americansingles.click-url.com detox.shengen.ru rey3935.112.2o7.net adsearch.www1.biz
tags.mdotlabs.com buzzfeed.d1.sc.omtrdc.net www.vtoyshop.com n4g.us.intellitxt.com
cithingy.info oasroanoke.com xrea.com indexhu.adocean.pl ota.cartrawler.com
www18.officedepot.com industrybrains.com celexa.1.p2l.info nmnandomedia.112.2o7.net
zyrtec.3.p2l.info m.uk.2mdn.net www.4ivwbox.de fe3-uk.imrworldwide.com
www.kmdl101.com br.phorm.com analytics.disneyinternational.com ivwbox3.de
vioxx.1.p2l.info cfg.adsmogo.com free-gifts-comp.com www.kitaratrk.com www.ivwbyox.de
www.kampanyatakip.net metaffiliation.com qring-tms.qq.com openads.zeads.com
textad.traficdublu.ro adbutler.com ifwbox.de www.topbrandrewards.com www.ivwbo.de
buy-valium-cheap-valium-online.com giftcardsurveys.us.com coremetrics.com
isg08.casalemedia.com dev.media.adxpansion.com s34.cnzz.com www.uqz.com
www.healthbeautyncs.com searchnigeria.net count.west263.com linkrain.com c.pt.msn.com
www.exchange-it.com www.gratis-toplist.de view4cash.de www.cm1359.com ptrads.mp3.com
analytics.msn.com arbo.hit.gemius.pl www.onlinebestoffers.net frontpagecash.com
exponential.com www.flowtec.com.br questaffiliates.net moatads.com
ds.amateurmatch.com img.2leva.bg traffic-offers.com iwvbox.de performancingads.com
sexaddpro.de metrics.ctvdigital.net img.thebugs.ws www1.adireland.com
a.makeyourmoveknoxville.net js.smartredirect.de wtp101.com
media-d.vpptechnologies.com 1703.ic-live.com pbnet.ru webmasters.tubealliance.com
car-donation.shengen.ru geoadserving.coffeetree.info www.hotgiftzone.com
ns352647.ovh.net flashmagazine.us.intellitxt.com
wm5fixsite.us.intellitxt.com qz.informs.com home4bizstart.ru promo1.webcams.nl
adgoto.com cacheserve.eurogrand.com vt.5.p2l.info dclk.themarketer.com
cmap.ox.ace.advertising.com prchecker.info jl29jd25sm24mc29.com ivawbox.de pr5dir.com
madisonavenue.com gothamistllc.com adwhirl.com rankingchart.de prevent-asian-flu.com
ad3.pamedia.com.au publicidades.redtotalonline.com clickdensity.com
pointclicktrack.com erie.smartage.com cdn3.adexprts.com www.bananacashback.com
www6.counter.bloke.com linkswaper.com netdirect.nl gcirm.battlecreekenquirer.com
cashcrate.com cnad9.economicoutlook.net count.casino-trade.com irs01.net
www.makohela.tk www.medical-offer.com grabbit-rabbit.com planetactive.com
www10.paypopup.com cdn.kixer.com www.syncaccess.net cat.onlinepeople.net
uk.i1.yimg.com bannermall.com travel-insurance-quotes.beesearch.info qip.magna.ru
addesktop.com www8.bannerspace.com www.lesben-pornos.cxa.de img.skenzo.com
1.allyes.com.cn adsremote.scrippsnetwork.com pillscash.com theuseful.net kliksaya.com
service.urchin.com counter36.bravenet.com static.ad.libimseti.cz s2.trrsf.com
bp.specificclick.net all-tgp.org rv.adcpx.v1.de.eusem.adaos-ads.net casalmedia.com
ssend.microad.jp md.5.p2l.info rank-master.de ws-na.amazon-adsystem.com ar.hao123.com
guanjia.baidu.com meridia.4.p2l.info adipexp.3xforum.ro www.kpremium.com
120.mbn.com.ua initgroup.com www.itcompany.com affinity-xml.t.domdex.com
successful-marketing-now.com media.m-adx.com www30t1-orig.glam.com
adsystem.tt-forums.net www.thesexcinema.com cxocomdev.112.2o7.net track.omgpl.com
www.emaildeals.biz view.netrams.com ox-d.blogtalkradio.com content.ipro.com
pgpartner.com bggde-new.adocean.pl metagaua.hit.gemius.pl adisfy.com
www.redemptionengine.com getcarisoprodol.polybuild.ru webpower.com soongu.info
histats.com www.funbuddyicons.com www.needmorehits.com c.tr.msn.com www.bulletads.com
metrics.thefrisky.com phendimetrazine.1.p2l.info adhese.com
lifemediahouse1.onlinewelten.com adj5.thruport.com traveller-offer.com js.revsci.net
di1.shopping.com directivepub.com serve.popads.net cdn.alleliteads.com
w4.extreme-dm.com mercury.bravenet.com adserver1.w00tmedia.net www.getyourfreetv.com
adman.freeze.com httpads.com js1.bloggerads.net adtegrity.net
nsads.hotwired.com novafinanza.com adcell.de
adsrv.tuscaloosanews.com a.baidu.com lfstmedia.com levitra.3.p2l.info ads-click.com
ivwb0x.de adserver1.mindshare.de vmcsatellite.com macuser.uk.intellitxt.com
duoscontabilidade.com.br objects.designbloxlive.com w109.am15.net 4ivwbox.de px10.net
advertmarket.com v.vomedia.tv clickbooth.com experteerads.com adserv.free6.com
insightxe.pittsburghlive.com www30l2.glam.com staticd.cdn.adblade.com
ptreklamcrv.com.tr www.bowlgirl.com media.the-adult-company.com click2paid.com
icon.cnzz.com subad-server.com ns1.webwise.org ad2.zophar.net w107.am15.net
www.ibwbox.de officeon.ch.ma www.ivwbokx.de ieee.adbureau.net aalbc.advertserve.com
assets.igapi.com ads-de.spray.net buy-lortab.hut1.ru ads-t.ru click-fr.com oixcrv.net
pscdns.biz buylevitraonline.bigsitecity.com max.bannermanager.gr
nrgdigital.checkm8.com bidclix.com pwvita.pl ad-space.net track1.breakmedia.com
www.zentastic.com cpm2.admob.com www.reklamzadserver.com installer.zutrack.com
sexzavod.com ttuk.offers4u.mobi checkm8.com www.9ivwbox.de anat.tacoda.net
m4.be.2mdn.net www.clickpapa.com slayinglance.com insightxe.thephoenix.com
nm.5.p2l.info collector.leaddyno.com rs.static.etargetnet.com adviva.net
www.click-find-save.com caniamedia.com pwp.netcabo.pt www.mychoicerewards.com
online-gaming.petrovka.info capath.com blackfalcon2.net cdn.program3.com
braincash.com www.ad-up.com www.trafficflame.com gpaper145.112.2o7.net us.e1.yimg.com
www.adultdatingtraffic.com knac.us.intellitxt.com 0ivwbox.de www.howtotroll.org
ns2.phorm.com mbrdot.tk moneybot.net quarterserver.de
www.computers-electronics-rewardpath.com adv.strategy.it
adservingcentral.com www9.compblue.com
jizzads.com epiccash.com bm.annonce.cz are-ter.com hitpro.us flowers-offer.com
vast.bp3846806.btrll.com billboard.cz u.admob.com retin-a.1.p2l.info
specials-rewardpath.com descargas2.tuvideogratis.com www.qbop.com bestsearch.net
adv.medicine.bg syndication.streamads.yahoo.com berp.com buy-phentermine.hautlynx.com
travis.bosscasinos.com cpusall.112.2o7.net youcanoptout.com
idvisitor.clickondetroit.com adsymptotic.com gdyn.trutv.com adj17.thruport.com
sponsors.ezgreen.com flu23.com www.cambonanza.com ws04.do.nu getmyplasmatv.com
rightmedia.net gcirm.greatfallstribune.com rentcom.112.2o7.net adclient.163.com
musiccounter.ru mashable.d2.sc.omtrdc.net join2.winhundred.com www.321cba.com
adsoftware.com collector.funnyordie.com bolt.us.intellitxt.com www.dl-plugin.com
co.dcclan.co.uk media6degrees.com dapper.net track.homestead.com wrigley.122.2o7.net
te.audiencematch.net biz5.sandai.net adbroker.de www.888poker.com wp1.cor-natty.com
apps5.oingo.com dbios.org pa.5.p2l.info www1.belboon.de banik.redigy.cz
bannerswap.com cyberbounty.com itemagic.net jcrew.tt.omtrdc.net www.stiffnetwork.com
gtop100.com protection.dkpolice.com hc.baidu.com s45.sitemeter.com img.soulmate.com
ads1.rne.com www.schwarz-weisses.de pt.peerius.com gcirm.idahostatesman.com
6165.rapidforum.com bg.hit.gemius.pl www.wwivwbox.de fbfreegifts.com azfront.com
sayfabulunamadi.com 1.adbrite.com www.ins-offer.com adimg.download.com
static.a-ads.com adj8.thruport.com forbesauto.112.2o7.net www.streamatelive.com
te.scrippsnetworksprivacy.com creative.m2pub.com 15minlt.adocean.pl youripad4free.com
scambiobanner.aruba.it d2.advertserve.com sdc.rbistats.com video-pomp.com valuead.com
ivwboxs.de www.iwwbox.de pubmatic.com audit.webinform.hu ar9.atwola.com
adimage.guardian.co.uk wbextecd.112.2o7.net projectorpeople.112.2o7.net adv.wp.pl
unanimis.co.uk traffic.outbrain.com auctionads.net xlivehost.com pixel.crosspixel.net
adsmws.cloudapp.net hydrocodone.on.to russ-shalavy.ru assoc-amazon.com
huomdgde.adocean.pl insightexpressai.com foreignpolicy.advertserve.com ad20.net
tivvitter.com clickserve.cc-dt.com zeevex-online.com igwbox.de rovion.com
siteintercept.qualtrics.com hair-dos.resourcesarchive.com c.jp.msn.com
zb1.zeroredirect1.com go-rank.de new-dating-2012.info www.financial-advice-books.com
adv.livedoor.com advertise.com provexia.com apture.com click.absoluteagency.com
www.adspace.be www.bannerads.de adsp.ciner.com.tr ambien.4.p2l.info
funpageexchange.com bidvertiser.com m01.webwise.net xmarkscom.skimlinks.com
rampagegramar.com canadapost.112.2o7.net www.eshopads2.com www.laugh-mail.com
ptool.barginginfrance.net free.hotsocialz.com pharmacy-canada.forsearch.net
www.oiluk.net service1.predictad.com ptreklamcrv.com ad2.tr.mediainter.net
www.ivwpbox.de server-ssl.yieldmanaged.com www3.ddns.ms www30a1-orig.glam.com
sexsponsors.com download.realtimegaming.com hydrocodone.visa-usa.ru
www.incentivegateway.com affiliates.internationaljock.com ligtv.kokteyl.com
promote.pair.com lasthr.info www.blasphemysfhs.info sitestats.tiscali.co.uk
adj44.thruport.com infopaypal.com affiliate.techstats.net ad7.bigmir.net
adsby.klikki.com www.lijit.com tower.adexpedia.com affiliate.gamestop.com
ac.ybinst7.ec.yimg.com yourhandytips.com eforu.com phormsolution.com
cdn.static.zdbb.net e-n-t-e-r-n-e-x.com nexium.1.p2l.info buysellads.com
protection.lvpolice.com viralvideo.112.2o7.net creatives.rgadvert.com
track.mybloglog.com adworx.be bookproplus.com adwareremovergold.com everydaygays.com
pops.ero-advertising.com aoluk.122.2o7.net www.capath.com alyssamilano.home.sapo.pt
ads1.jev.co.za stat24.meta.ua advertising.guildlaunch.net eurekster.com
adv.cooperhosting.net buy-levitra-cheap-levitra-online.info adshost1.com
pharmacy-news.blogspot.com thefrisky.us.intellitxt.com adbooth.net www.trendnews.com
www.prevent-asian-flu.com adservinginternational.com ad-flow.com fo4n.com ivwbo9x.de
onewaylinkexchange.net jinkads.de cben1.net music102.awardspace.com imgn.dt07.com
11.lamarianella.info iframes.us partner.topcities.com clicks.hurriyet.com.tr
guru.sitescout.netdna-cdn.com ad-server.gulasidorna.se www25.glam.com
affiliate.cfdebt.com ctvsmokinggun.112.2o7.net coxpalmbeachpost.112.2o7.net
www.yuppads.com w117.am15.net openads.smithmag.net findcommerce.com ads8.speedbit.com
evepdaikencom.112.2o7.net adserver1.mokono.com 123.ichkoche.at
affiliates.devilfishpartners.com herpes.3.p2l.info realads.realmedia.com adsend.de
www.ivwbix.de adsatt.abc.starwave.com ads2.virtual-nights.com xpcs.ads.yahoo.com
www69.fw.nu oosee.barginginfrance.net msnbc.112.2o7.net www.te81.net
online-degree.petrovka.info admanager.adam4adam.com ivwboxd.de vi.5.p2l.info
count15.51yes.com www.buwobarun.cn port.bg akihabaranews.us.intellitxt.com
hitstats.net adminder.com www.rwpads.net content.mkt931.com www.youcanoptout.org
vympi.buyyourbtc.com forbesattache.112.2o7.net nj.5.p2l.info dmtracker.com
www.hotlog.ru stanzapub.advertserve.com gcirm.indystar.com gpaper205.112.2o7.net
as1.falkag.de phorm.com.br sadiqtv.com www.adspics.com adloox.com www.lpmxp2016.com
maxvr.112.2o7.net sbnc.hak.su webads.co.nz images.jambocast.com c1839.ic-live.com
www.tutop.com bannergrabber.internet.gr mt127.mtree.com bbcdn-tag.ibillboard.com
qwestfull.112.2o7.net tracking.fathomseo.com 33universal.adprimemedia.com
metrics.yellowpages.com ads3.ihaberadserver.com emisjawidgeet.onet.pl
www.update-java.kit.net click.cashengines.com adland.ru tizanidine.1.p2l.info
adsrv.wilmingtonstar.com pulse360.com www.counter.superstats.com adk2ads.tictacti.com
media.888.com pimproll.com nordette.1.p2l.info images.adrime.com ad2.ireklama.cz
abz.com adfarm.mediaplex.com theweatherspace.com get.mycounter.ua contentabc.com
web2.deja.com avsads.com earnpointsandgifts.com ads1.zdnet.com
protection.grpolice.com pctuzing.php5.cz metrics.maxim.com www.topsites24.net
eweek.us.intellitxt.com www.2girls1cup-free.com
jlinks.industrybrains.com adtaily.com images.cashfiesta.com protection.ilpolice.com
bannery.cz www.gmcjjh.org oix7.net traffic.brand-wall.net passion-4.net
ad1.emule-project.org free-banners.com abacho.net a.sakh.com textads.adultadworld.com
lct.salesforce.com rate.ru eminemticket.freespaces.com protection.itpolice.com
www.ovwbox.de ads1.sptimes.com www.donotwatch.org supertop.ru 99count.com
image-circul.tk www.kjbbc.net o1.qnsr.com ru.theswiftones.com automotive-offer.com
dynamic1.dailytech.com adv.netshelter.net www.valueclick.com adserv.internetfuel.com
sx.z0rz.com server8.opentracker.net moc.silk.com www30a3-orig.glam.com sc.5.p2l.info
buy-phentermine-cheap-phentermine-online.com banner-exchange-24.de
www.fischereszter.hu out.true-counter.com got2goshop.com mackeeperapp.zeobit.com
appcache.admission.net imagec15.247realmedia.com post.securestudies.com
trackadvertising.net heias.com edsa.112.2o7.net ad2.bal.dotandad.com www25a.glam.com
yardbarker.tags.crwdcntrl.net m7.au.2mdn.net c.thecounter.de ua3.hit.stat24.com
adexprts.com adcontent2.allaccess.com.ph scanner.best-click-av1.info
virtual.thewhig.com crawlability.com images1.paycounter.com www.cashback.co.uk
webmasterplan.com upsellit.com adc2.adcentriconline.com adspace.zaman.com.tr
oas-central.east.realmedia.com thruport.com phormlabs.com dal.d.la rtl.ivwbox.de
static.forezach.com www1.theglobeandmail.com slider.plugrush.com phorm.com.mx
iftarvakitleri.net  pagerank-united.de
leadpub.com bibleanswers4u.com ivwboxa.de www.ivwbxo.de www.commerce-offer.com
rapidcounter.com counters.xaraonline.com www.ivwboux.de tracking.yourfilehost.com
client.roiadtracker.com comprabanner.it counter46.bravenet.com
aumomotortrend.112.2o7.net cdn.pinion.gg twittad.com trialreg.com spot.fitness.com
c10051.ic-live.com a.adorika.net v2.adgoto.com www.agkn.com pc-gizmos-ssl.com
www.kivwbox.de def.5.p2l.info 6.mamaswishes.com m8.it.2mdn.net denverpost.112.2o7.net
advertiseireland.com d.oix.com linkstorms.com zyban-store.shengen.ru
metrics.natmags.co.uk cdn.yottos.com www.ivwboxj.de www.advertpro.com callbling.com
ad3.bb.ru zoloft.about-tabs.com sunmaker.com w73.am15.net floridat.app.ur.gcion.com
signin-ebay-com-ws-ebayisapi-dll-signin-webscr.ocom.pl www.fatcatrewards.com
www2.adireland.com www.atlantis-asia.com www.gmads.net nrkno.linkpulse.com
elitedollars.com www.photo-ads.co.uk openx.diena.lv cm.vh1.overture.com
donorschoose.org router.googlecom.biz zocor.about-tabs.com steelhouse.com
stats2.unrulymedia.com ad41.atlas.cz bluewhaleweb.com zencudo.co.uk sttc.affiliate.hu
filosvybfimpsv.ru.gg www.0stats.com www.securerunner.com nmthatsracin.112.2o7.net
tavuks.com adserver2.eudora.com xcr-286.com viagra.polybuild.ru
game-advertising-online.com sel.as-us.falkag.net kplusd.far.ru
m5.nl.2mdn.net www.tsgonline.com jgen42.cjt1.net salon77.co.uk dealdotcom.com
yesadvertising.com moneyh.wemfbox.ch www.mpression.net pspcave.uk.intellitxt.com
xanax.t-amo.net www.macombdisplayads.com anklets.shengen.ru
fastcounter.linkexchange.com external.stealthedeal.com aj.adjungle.com x4.lov3.net
www.samsclub33.pochta.ru tramadol.1.p2l.info promo.content.premiumpass.com
reed-cw.grapeshot.co.uk thomasvillefurniture.122.2o7.net x25.2mydns.com
www.textadvertising.com data3.perf.overture.com pokerstrategy.com m8.be.2mdn.net
tmsads.tribune.com mtcount.channeladvisor.com rl8vd.kikul.com
images-aud.sourceforge.net cashcounter.com content.ad img.sn00.net www.ivwboxr.de
dy.testnet.nl www.uniqueinternettexasholdempoker.com www.freeticketcash.com
affiliate.exabytes.com.my gdeee.hit.gemius.pl antispywareexpert.com adv.deltanews.bg
www.adserver.ugo.nl phormprivacy.com www.eevwbox.de protection.napolice.com
iliilllio00oo0.321.cn m8.no.2mdn.net the.mtree.com advertising.ninemsn.com.au
clicks.investors4cash.com advertisementnl.112.2o7.net spyware-removers.shengen.ru
www.microsoft2010.com babycenter.tt.omtrdc.net www.adult-top-list.com
click3.rbc.magna.ru fls-na.amazon-adsystem.com toplistcity.com adserv.jupiter.com
adj4.thruport.com www.folloyu.com add.newmedia.cz cdn.adk2.co
www.ultimatefashiongifts.com trafficneeds.directtrack.com w.visualdna.com
www.romanticmaui.net www.ytdownloader.com mads.gamespot.com radiate.com www.pinion.gg
www.tqlkg.com zmedia.com www.hardware4freaks.de tecslide.com www.ficken-xxx.cxa.de
gpaper142.112.2o7.net trk.enecto.com ngs.impress.co.jp phentermine.1.p2l.info
www.7bpeople.com w92.am15.net www.computerxchange.com ee.hit.gemius.pl te.idg.com
ptreklamcrv.net www.trendsonline.me recordnetcom.112.2o7.net 0d79ed.r.axf8.net
www.winadiscount.com www.tao123.com cialis.1.p2l.info c4dl.com adjmps.com webads.nl
webnavegador.com.br ivwbox2.de azcentra.app.ur.gcion.com infoweb-cinema.tk
d.neodatagroup.com buy-xanax-online.amovoce.net www.bigsister-puff.cxa.de
sd.5.p2l.info wegcash.com www.stattrax.com unite3tubes.com snaps.vidiemi.com
ta.at.user-mode-linux.net nearbyad.com adserv.gamezone.de cdn.crowdignite.com
getyourgiftnow2.blogspot.com gar-tech.com www.ivwbox6.de
te.mcall.com mseuppremain.112.2o7.net infratotalduicom.122.2o7.net hoerbird.net
wv.5.p2l.info adk2.com mochibot.com tags.smowtion.com suckdude.com
fbi.gov.id402037057-8235504608.d9680.com loestrin.1.p2l.info
spinbox.consumerreview.com ws01.do.nu isg05.casalemedia.com spin.spinbox.net
balab.portx.net hittail.com fimc.net delivery.adnetwork.vn
home-garden-rewardempire.com f-nod1.adsniper.ru track.yieldsoftware.com
frontpage-stats.rbl.ms click.clktraker.com opienetwork.com mx01.webwise.com
weight-loss.3.p2l.info cpxinteractive.com amdvtest.112.2o7.net realgfsbucks.com
www.livefyre.com the-path-gateway.com wa.5.p2l.info sizzle-savings.com
directaclick.com tamiflu-purchase.asian-flu-vaccine.com chip.popmarker.com
uelbdc74fn.s.ad6media.fr affiliate.hbytracker.com oasn03.247realmedia.com ivwbux.de
media.espace-plus.net viagra-soft-tabs.1.p2l.info online-prescription.petrovka.info
1x1rank.com valtrex.3.p2l.info getacoollaptop.com valium.ourtablets.com
rapidlyserv.com starffa.com dub.mobileads.msn.com preteenland.com metrics.mpora.com
paperg.com soft.findhotel.asia addserver.mtv.com.tr urlcut.net gpaper191.112.2o7.net
tramadol.3.p2l.info clickcompare.co.uk prevacid.1.p2l.info
online-phentermine.petrovka.info channelintelligence.com ad3.iinfo.cz
refer85.outster.com sx.nazari.org delivery.reklamz.com
computers-electronics-rewardpath.com dinoadserver1.roka.net
s1.sk.adocean.pl 4qinvite.4q.iperceptions.com everyjoe.us.intellitxt.com
holidayshoppingrewards.com untd.com soma.1.p2l.info telefonino.it.intellitxt.com
g5.us.intellitxt.com www.ivwbox7.de cnhirecordeagle.122.2o7.net newnudecash.com
ads5.kompasads.com skin-care.1.p2l.info metrics.fandome.com compolice.net ivwgox.de
ky.5.p2l.info admicro1.vcmedia.vn adsonar.com geo.hyperlinksecure.com
protection.mapolice.com affbuzzads.com rmm1u.checkm8.com skocz.pl www.mycelloffer.com
single-online.petrovka.info seasonale.1.p2l.info searchpill.boom.ru us.t1.yimg.com
www.ivfwbox.de solitairetime.com adsrv.hpg.com.br buy-tamiflu.asian-flu-vaccine.com
q28840.nb.host127-0-0-1.com www.myshovel.com prm-ext.phorm.com one.123counters.com
fliteilex.com bfast.com enirodk.adtlgc.com cdn1.adexprt.com
relenza.asian-flu-vaccine.com traktr.news.com.au playlink.pl cnn.dyn.cnn.com
allhqpics.com www.registrarads.com adremote.timeinc.aol.com post.rmbn.ru
www.thinlaptoprewards.com www.tracemyip.org tempest.services.disqus.com
trafficmaxx.de static.admaximize.com protection.fxpolice.com tracking.bannerflow.com
affiliate.doubleyourdating.com spywords.com display.gestionpub.com
metrics.theweathernetwork.com hz.mmstat.com topbucks.com kontera.com
ca.2.cqcounter.com media.contextweb.com www.bbelements.com u810.15.spylog.com
clicksotrk.com www14.ad.tomshardware.com afilv.adocean.pl w27.am15.net hotlog.ru
phentermine.polybuild.ru www.freeipodnanouk.co.uk www.3ivwbox.de
h1317070.stratoserver.net rcm.amazon.com go.adnet.bbelements.com adj6.thruport.com
wetter.wemfbox.ch optmd.com gpaper154.112.2o7.net pe.5.p2l.info
banniere.reussissonsensemble.fr msn.uvwbox.de kermit.pinion.gg
creative.xtendmedia.com aj.daniweb.com order-phentermine.polybuild.ru
digital-cable-descrambler.planet-high-heels.com www.banners.paramountzone.com
buffalogoesout.com partners.sprintrade.com www.kids-in-sandbox.com adxpansion.com
hitometer.com smaato.net jnova.cjt1.net www13.ad.tomshardware.com fhm.valueclick.net
status.addthis.com staticads.btopenworld.com www.spris.com 14.ca.enwebsearch.com
ivwboxc.de traffictrader.net www.123specialgifts.com cmweb.ilike.alibaba.com
affiliate.mercola.com sekel.ch a.livesportmedia.eu wwbtads.com ws.addthis.com
uim.tifbs.net pcbutts1-therealtruth.blogspot.com mobile.ivwbox.de w7.am15.net
www.textsrv.com jc.revolvermaps.com test.wiredminds.de landingpages.sunnytoolz.com
rsc.scmspain.com 24hwebsex.com worry-free-savings.com
gossipteen.us.intellitxt.com cmls.eu.overture.com partners.priceline.com myuniques.ru
fusetv.112.2o7.net  sk.5.p2l.info
a3.cdnpark.com wmedia.rotator.hadj7.adjuggler.net fun-e-cards.com wm.baidu.com
zs11.cnzz.com www.gofreegifts.com alyssamilano.ca.tt meevehdar.com
shops-malls-rewardpath.com bigbrandrewards.com wikiforosh.ir oracleglobal.112.2o7.net
www.knacads.com com-mitsubishi.netmng.com a.cntv.cn linkexchange.ru www.cashthat.com
danasdirt.us.intellitxt.com srbijacafe.org www.afantispy.com idvisitor.slate.com
urban.adspirit.de omni.basspro.com adserverplus.com vmix.adbureau.net m8.ca.2mdn.net
ebcom.112.2o7.net stats1.in warp.crystalad.com grz67.com valtrex.1.p2l.info
ig.insightgrit.com r.nexac.com matcher.idtargeting.com postmasterdirect.com
iprocollect.realmedia.com family-offer.com www.free-toplisten.at padsdel.cdnads.com
co.5.p2l.info www69.bestdeals.at wahoha.com ads11.udc.advance.net rtb.tubemogul.com
gpaper128.112.2o7.net adveraction.pl test2.petenawara.com sup.adfox.ru
v1.extreme-dm.com rose.ixbt.com www.videostan.ru w.admob.com w98.am15.net
trafficjunky.net rtd.tubemogul.com jo-2012.fr www.talentbroker.net fengyixin.com
gcirm.tallahassee.com cluster.adultadworld.com 0c9d8370d.se protection.iqpolice.com
hm.baidu.com w75.am15.net w65.am15.net w60.am15.net touchclarity.natwest.com
jambocast.com dl1d2m8ri9v3j.cloudfront.net mimicrice.com www.freecamerasource.com
gde.adocean.pl w51.am15.net cdn.go.idmnet.bbelements.com ukbanners.com
thecelebritycafe.us.intellitxt.com www.ctbdev.net w4.am15.net www.freedvddept.com
api.ero-advertising.com z.moatads.com topconsumergifts.com w44.am15.net
asseenonpc.directtrack.com ivwboxw.de maxmedia.sgaonline.com w43.am15.net
red02.as-eu.falkag.net pp.nrelate.com w41.am15.net ad2.vuiads.net
ezboard.bigbangmedia.com technicaldigitalreporting.com www.friend-cards.net
w39.am15.net w37.am15.net cdn.evergage.com activeby.hit.gemius.pl
adbox.inbox-online.com nextel-ringtone.spb.su mlm.de evergage.com www.money4exit.de
www.c1.thecounter.de w33.am15.net i8vwbox.de w21.am15.net w20.am15.net
maroonspider.com tracker.truehits.net www.redroomnetwork.com azoogleads.com
trends.revcontent.com ivabox.de m1.webstats.motigo.com adserv.lwmn.net 21750.tctm.co
aaukqiooaseseuke.org w13.am15.net s88.cnzz.com oasc05024.247realmedia.com
w11.centralmediaserver.com www.productopinionpanel.com
 server-hk.imrworldwide.com revistaelite.com
w11.am15.net s92.cnzz.com w115.am15.net asg12.casalemedia.com ip.nuggad.net
w104.am15.net reg.coolsavings.com search.conduit.com ad7.literotica.com
rr2.xxxcounter.com s.domob.cn w78.am15.net oix8.net images2.laih.com
rebtelnetworks.112.2o7.net aol.spb.su www.lduhtrp.net views.m4n.nl www2.burstnet.com
adm.baidu.com stcwbd.com stats2.rte.ie mct.rkdms.com protection.mopolice.com
www.ievwbox.de ps.eyeota.net ads1.advertwizard.com www.adlogix.com
view.iballs.a1.avenuea.com antivirus-scanner8.com videogamerewardscentral.com
insight.adsrvr.org video-game-rewards-central.com pubx.ch send-image.us
fastcounter.bcentral.com www12.glam.com videoegg.adbureau.net nl.nedstatbasic.net
simplepcdownload.net mygiftcardcenter.com widget3.linkwithin.com tkweb.baidu.com
bwp.mp3.com www11.ad.tomshardware.com videocop.com www.likethis.mbosoft.com
cnt.spbland.ru ve.tscapeplay.com superstats.com valo.atm.youku.com mhlnk.com
netads.hotwired.com 687-ct.c3tag.com ngads.go.com metrics.premiere.com
img1.webring.com cityads.telus.net tracker.bonnint.net o8.aus.cc valb.atm.youku.com
v1.stat.ku6.com utils.mediageneral.com usr.marketgid.com escape.insites.eu
www.pixeltrack66.com foxnews.demdex.net adworx.at www.newwebmaster.net
aolwpicq.122.2o7.net cannationalpost.112.2o7.net poponclick.com xstatic.nk-net.pl
affiliate.1800flowers.com adserving.cpxinteractive.com usatoday.app.ur.gcion.com
yourstats.net xr.h4ck.la www.stats.in.th union.baidu.com amdfrance.com serv0.com
union.56.com mail.youcanoptout.com www4.gy7k.net datashreddergold.com biz-offer.com
cbsncaasports.112.2o7.net banners3.spacash.com stat.youku.com aad73c550c.se
ci-mpsnare.iovation.com cdn1.rmgserving.com ultrasponsor.com eivwbox.de
bbcdn.delivery.reklamz.com gpaper115.112.2o7.net 2754.btrll.com thepiratetrader.com
www.admex.com tracking.euroads.dk media.funpic.de sbx.pagesjaunes.fr
strangeduckfilms.com www.freehitwebcounters.com img.ads.mocean.mobi www.lpmxp2024.com
ad2.pl static.tracking202.com foxnews.adsonar.com uleadstrk.com
online-schools.petrovka.info 0pn.ru bilbob.com ucstat.baidu.com
ubmcmm.baidustatic.com openx.xenium.pl ruspolice.com m9.br.2mdn.net ipromsi.iprom.net
v3.stat.ku6.com ivqwbox.de php.fark.com maxserving.com vp.tscapeplay.com 101order.com
www.enoratraffic.com art-photo-music-rewardempire.com ttnet.yandex.com.tr
www.lpmxp2015.com fastwebcounter.com nationalsurveypanel.com www.ivebox.de s4d.in
count.paycounter.com tr.bigpoint.com portablevaporizer.com cartoonpornguide.com
b2b.filecloud.me travel-leisure-bonuspath.com trafsearchonline.com utk.baidu.com
rc.hotkeys.com trafficrevenue.net thefastfinders.com www.shopathome.com
ads8.udc.advance.net admagnet.net beacon.krxd.net a.environmentaldefense.org
tps31.doubleverify.com touche.adcentric.proximi-t.com delivery.vidible.tv
www.admarketplace.net onlinecashmethod.com googlus.com topdemaroc.com
www.afterdownload.com tons-to-see.com edirect.hotkeys.com adsrv2.wilmingtonstar.com
serve.freegaypix.com toads.osdn.com s2.hit.stat24.com
www.commerce-rewardpath.com m.admob.com is.casalemedia.com knight.economist.com
amsv2.daum.net adserv.pitchforkmedia.com this.content.served.by.adshuffle.com
bannerboxes.com protection.ptpolice.com losu.112.2o7.net www.crm-metrix.fr
assets.adobedtm.com gallysorig.nastydollars.com promo.sensationalcash.com
rt2.infolinks.com xponlinescanner.com theuseful.com adscale.de static.nrelate.com
adapd.com x.mochiads.com stat1.vipstat.com as.vs4entertainment.com
the-binary-trader.biz www.vivaimontina.com a.lingospot.com relay-si.toboads.com
ei.imbucurator-de-prost.com counters.auctionwatch.com text-link-ads-inventory.com
textads.madisonavenue.com nv1.ad.naver.com tel.geenstijl.nl www17.glam.com
incentivegateway.com www.bizopprewards.com uk.at.atwola.com adcycle.com adrotate.de
admeld.com ns2ns1.tk  ads360.com te.newsday.com
teeser.ru team4heat.net tdc.advertorials.dk mf.advantage.as rts.phn.doublepimp.com
click.xxxofferz.com ci.nuggad.net lycoscollect.247realmedia.com tcss.qq.com
swissinf.wemfbox.ch t.cpmadvisors.com web-amz.adotube.com adsignal.valuead.com
health-beauty-savingblvd.com nym1.b.adnxs.com tbtrack.zutrack.com
cover.m2y.siemens.ch advideo.uimserv.net syn.verticalacuity.com
viagraviagra.3xforum.ro ut.5.p2l.info dynamic2.anandtech.com www.keybinary.com
u6762.46.spylog.com 50efa6486f1ef.skydivesolutions.be
danger-phentermine.allforyourlife.com rubylan.net www.oinadserve.com
www.sweetsforfree.com syncaccess.net ads3.canoe.ca com.cool-premiums-now.com
drugdetox.shengen.ru synad2.nuffnang.com.cn svd.adtlgc.com news6health.com
survey.china.alibaba.com asg10.casalemedia.com stat.designntrend.com grendizer.biz
c2.zedo.com nowruzbakher.com zhirok.com nytrgainesville.112.2o7.net nebnr.112.2o7.net
zdbb.net www.trafficbeamer.com bastardly.us.intellitxt.com eth0.me
cdn.stroeerdigitalmedia.de passpport.com carbonads.com superbrewards.com
bn.profiwin.de delivery.loopingclick.com delivery.ads.gfsrv.net stocker.bonnint.net
stts.rbc.ru s.tcimg.com information.com angelinajolie.1stok.com
static.way2traffic.com track.tooplay.com platsovetrf.ru bizopprewards.com oewa.at
static.l3.cdn.adsucks.com ms.5.p2l.info www.cqcounter.com se.adserver.yahoo.com
static.ku6.com rscounter10.com
static.hitfarm.com rickrolling.com static.fastpic.ru phorm.org.es
staticb.mydirtyhobby.com static.adsonar.com stat.ebuzzing.com adapt.tv advertlets.com
penwithian.co.uk stat.dealtime.com timeofficepirates.122.2o7.net gserv.cneteu.net
ringtonepartner.com www.ivwbozx.de webtrends.thisis.co.uk ometrics.warnerbros.com
stat3.888.ku6.com adserver1.eudora.com images.skenzo.com pub26.bravenet.com
cpm.admob.com tynt.com www.upsellit.com star-advertising.com compactbanner.com
adbuyer.com reklamanet.net stampen.linkpulse.com fastcounter.linkexchange.net
dubstep.onedumb.com dt.linkpulse.com stampen.adtlgc.com ezula.com
staging.snip.answers.com ssads.osdn.com sports-premiumblvd.com x.cb.kount.com
pay-ads.com university-online.petrovka.info sports-offer.net www.coolsavings.com
gmhummer.112.2o7.net www.ebannertraffic.com cmicapui.ce.gov.br bx6.blrf.net
t01.proximic.com track.omguk.com ybinst1.ec.yimg.com www.linkpulse.com
sports-offer.com hieruu.apicultoresweb.com sponsors.behance.com ivwbox1.de
adimage.asiaone.com.sg bc.marfeel.com speed.lstat.youku.com
playersclub.reefclubcasino.com spanel.gem.pl gp.dejanews.com softlinkers.popunder.ru
c1.nowlinux.com smsmovies.net www.pacificpoker.com geoip.edagames.com
www.affpartners.com smartadserver.com smartadserver ge-0-0-1-edge1.sc9.admob.com
hotrank.com.tw etahub.com europol.europe.eu.id214218540-7444056787.h5841.com
collect.rewardstyle.com skill.skilljam.com simpleads.net directile.net
pluginx.perfectgonzo.com utm.trk.excite.com v7.stats.load.com sherkhundi.com
www.kinomarathon.ru simpli.fi sonycomputerentertai.tt.omtrdc.net adconion.com
sherkatkonandeh.com rd.rlcdn.com antivirus-online-scan5.com s.flite.com ox-d.hbr.org
kbbmain.112.2o7.net servserv.generals.ea.com serv-load.com popub.com
unwashedsound.com servedby.dm3adserver.com salesforcecom.tt.omtrdc.net
x.bidswitch.net www.friendgreetings.net d.wiyun.com as.specificmedia.com lefos.net
oascetral.laweekly.com sergarius.popunder.ru photos2.pop6.com statxpress.com
effexor-xr.1.p2l.info secure.bidvertiserr.com validclick.com
ntbanner.digitalriver.com qitrck.com server18.opentracker.net specificmedia.co.uk
scr.kliksaya.com ads10.udc.advance.net cdnt.yottos.com sc9.admob.com atax.ign.com
s.baidu.com www.striemline.de server.adeasy.ru adsmart.net mailtrack.me
cheapxanax.hut1.ru sayac.hurriyet.com.tr saturn.tiser.com.au ivbwbox.de
netpool.netbookia.net rtt.adrolays.de www15.ad.tomshardware.com ipcmedia.122.2o7.net
www.kanoodle.com d7.zedo.com backbeatmedia.com angpar.112.2o7.net uk.ads.hexus.net
eiv.baidu.com reinvigorate.net trekmedia.net services.hearstmags.com
ad-cdn.technoratimedia.com www.ivwbyx.de pds.directrev.com
www2.game-advertising-online.com sdc.tvguide.com www.homewares.org www.ivwabox.de
gozatar.com w96.am15.net affiliates.arvixe.com ru.redtram.com rubriccrumb.com
rubiccrum.com m3.it.2mdn.net www.needadvertising.com adobee.com adkontekst.pl
rtb.pclick.yahoo.com log1.countomat.com www.usersonlinecounter.com oasis.nysun.com
hydrocodone.irondel.swisshost.by rotobanner468.utro.ru luckyhalo.info
lin31.metriweb.be pay-day-loans.beesearch.info top66.ro rms.admeta.com s.tagsrvcs.com
balabass.peerserver.com rich.qq.com fioricet-online.blogspot.com api.boomtrain.com
searchmagnified.com adtracker.meinungsstudie.de cdsusa.veinteractive.com
reverso.refr.adgtw.orangeads.fr metrics.womansday.com js.softreklam.com
www.tossoffads.com h.online-metrix.net 006.freecounters.co.uk
www.appliedsemantics.com req.adsmogo.com count20.51yes.com onetoone.112.2o7.net
www.vthought.com myseostats.com reklam-one.com ads-stats.com m2.de.2mdn.net
www.ivwhox.de rek2.tascatlasa.com adcloud.net 247media.com www.adnet.biz hebdotop.com
www.usenetjunction.com reports.extreme-dm.com redirect.hotkeys.com igvwbox.de
awesomevipoffers.com newtopsites.com mads.theinsider.com publishers.adscholar.com
realmedia.advance.net fei.pro-market.net avenuea.com f.as-eu.falkag.net
realmedia-a800.d4p.net www-banner.chat.ru new-address.tk www.realtracker.com
rc.wl.webads.nl gcirm.statesmanjournal.com rcdna.gwallet.com adunit.chango.ca
protection.mnpolice.com mopub.com rb.newsru.com w86.am15.net www.jvwbox.de
eon.tags.sitetagger.co.uk randevumads.com webbizwild.com rad.msn.com
tracker.dev.hearst.nl www.freecamsecrets.com rad.live.com
adv.stznews.bg detox-kit.com ibm-notebook-battery.wp-club.net
radaronline.advertserve.com qss-client.qq.com www.friendgreetings.com
adsradios.adswizz.com metrics.theatlantic.com abetterinternet.com pub.web.sapo.io
publish.bonzaii.no campaign.bharatmatrimony.com images.newsx.cc
gaming-online.petrovka.info rpc.trafficfactory.biz judo.salon.com
protection.sipolice.com intrack.pl rotator.juggler.inetinteractive.com
leadsynaptic.go2jump.org oh.5.p2l.info noticiasftpsrv.com cjbmanagement.com
marketing.beesearch.info ad-tech.com protection.scpolice.com image.masterstats.com
b.kavanga.ru protection.lcpolice.com refer20.outster.com industry-deals.com
www.poker4spain.com protection.lapolice.net pmstrk.mercadolivre.com.br
gcirm.delawareonline.com barnesandnoble.bfast.com lp.jeux-lk.com
vg-no.c.richmetrics.com www.afcyhf.com protection.hnpolice.com
vicodin-online.petrovka.info ad2games.com online-pharmacy.petrovka.info
bupropion-hcl.1.p2l.info
protection.btpolice.com www.iicdn.com w70.am15.net nothing-but-value.com pro.letv.com
gcirm.ozarksnow.com bannerconnect.com buypaxilonline.bigsitecity.com r.adrolays.de
tbs.tradedoubler.com upi.us.intellitxt.com
toyota.cyberealhosting.com prexyone.appspot.com count.spiegel.de
premiumproductsonline.com imarker.ru plugrush.com pp2.pptv.com textad.xxxmatch.com
analytics.thenest.com protraffic.com ws.sharethis.com signup.advance.net
boostmobile.112.2o7.net popup.matchmaker.com a.wowinterface.com at-img1.tdimg.com
counters.auctiva.com www.home-garden-rewardempire.com popupclick.ru www.velmedia.net
9cf9.v.fwmrm.net www3.addthis.com eblastengine.upickem.net photos1.pop6.com
p1.adhitzads.com ajcclassifieds.com www.smartgvcfunding.com adzerk.s3.amazonaws.com
xenical.4.p2l.info www.invitefashion.com unstat.baidu.com pingfore.soso.com
cpmaffiliation.com adcenter.in2.com s14.cnzz.com cruisecritic.112.2o7.net
pix.lfstmedia.com 3bc3fd26-91cf-46b2-8ec6-b1559ada0079.statcamp.net
gpaper132.112.2o7.net www.vstats.net secure.marketengines.com content.codelnet.com
www.myexclusiverewards.com pingfore.qq.com delfiadlv.hit.gemius.pl
amch.questionmarket.com pick-savings.com serve.bannersdontwork.com pic.casee.cn
moneyexpert.com nb.5.p2l.info adlooxtracking.com viduesrl.it phpads.macbidouille.com
hub.com.pl free-money.host.sk goldadpremium.com te.ctnow.com track.vscash.com
phormstandards.com s.megaclick.com adsrv.adplus.co.id ping1.unicast.com sa.bbc.co.uk
www.pantanalvip.com.br priusonline.us.intellitxt.com flexeril.1.p2l.info
phoenixads.co.in www.ivwbox3.de partner.wapster.pl
indexstats.com www.ranking-hits.de mplayerdownloader.com
www.mondoperaio.net media6.sitebrand.com www.bannersurvey.biz cas.criteo.com
phentermine.shengen.ru www74.valueclick.com all-sex.shengen.ru work-offer.com
tags.mediaforge.com mycashback.co.uk ox-d.verivox.de engine2.adzerk.net
mads.download.com ultramercial.com pathforpoints.com
geo.xxxblackbook.com ffxcam.fairfax.com.au www.viwbox.de
partnerwebsites.mistermedia.nl blogtoplist.se w110.am15.net webgains.com
partner.pobieraczek.pl boksy.dir.onet.pl partner.magna.ru gcirm.stargazette.com
www.ivwboox.de neoffic.com partner01.oingo.com helios.fvn.no adv.zapal.ru
pakpolice.com dcapps.disney.go.com iyogi.demdex.net eu-pn4.adserver.yahoo.com
clicks2.virtuagirl.com www.eyewonder.com referal.begun.ru w72.am15.net
adserv.evo-x.de p4psearch.china.alibaba.com ox-d.hulkshare.com www.crackserver.com
dgm2.com kansas.valueclick.com xxxcounter.com wmirk.ru www1.pollg.com
ads1.advance.net tracker.stats.in.th vicodin.t-amo.net opencandy.com
webanalyticsnossl.websense.com freegasonus.com interreklame.de xml.bravenet.com
vox-static.liverail.com adsearch.pl openad.infobel.com count.vivistats.com
www.axill.com smowtion.com open.4info.net event.2leva.bg adimpact.com oixssp-lab.net
thehollywoodnews.uk.intellitxt.com russian-sex.com mortgage-rates.now-cash.com
cdn2.emediate.eu www.webcashvideos.com exchange-it.com best-pr.info
athena-ads.wikia.com oixpre.net phormdev.com bidclix.net metrics.ioffer.com
f.admob.com ads5.ad-flow.com pub34.bravenet.com www.onlinewebservice3.de
ngd.thesun.co.uk www.rickrolling.com tenuate.1.p2l.info www.mp3downloadhq.com
edu-offer.com ads2.canoe.ca gpaper174.112.2o7.net oixcrv-lab.net www.ivwboks.de
oix3.net cbmall.com ocslab.com www.painolympics.info adj56.thruport.com
oassis.zmh.zope.com static1.influads.com searchpuma.com adserve.viaarena.com
gcirm.thedesertsun.com www.selfpwn.org ad2.linxcz.cz buy-viagra.polybuild.ru
www.streamen.com phitenmy.com oas-eu.247realmedia.com tags.rtbidder.net b.oix.net
cialis.ourtablets.com fastcounter.com links.outster.com clicktrade.com
oascenral.phoenixnewtimes.com oasc04.247.realmedia.com oasc03.247realmedia.com
www.freecameraprovider.com www.treeloot.com advertising.com
gcirm.montgomeryadvertiser.com orange.weborama.fr media5.popmarker.com
c.greystripe.com nysubwayoffer.com louisvil.app.ur.gcion.com openxxx.viragemedia.com
www1.bannerspace.com ns1.primeinteractive.net cnhitribunestara.122.2o7.net
nrads.1host.co.il www.adreadytractions.com aolbks.122.2o7.net novem.onet.pl
netpalnow.com l-sspcash.adxcore.com visa-advice.fr cdn.petametrics.com
dinoadserver2.roka.net 2girls1finger.com metrics.parallels.com
asn.cunda.advolution.biz nivendas.net te.chicagotribune.com bayviews.estb.com.sg
detroithardcore.com www.legal-rewardpath.com newsblock.marketgid.com shanding.ucoz.es
newbs.hutz.co.il qc.5.p2l.info networkads.net www.getspecialgifts.com admedia.com
nd1.gamecopyworld.com creview.adbureau.net news-91566-latest.natsyyaty.ru
ad7.bannerbank.ru nc.ru.redtram.com nbads.com whipcrack.org nhpz.lalaghoaujrnu.info
q.admob.com lbn.ru navegador.telefonica.com.br sleeper-sofa.dreamhoster.com
www.mylike.co.uk protection.vipolice.com navegador.oi.com.br
patio-furniture.dreamhoster.com nationalpost.adperfect.com nfl.demdex.net
protonix.shengen.ru save-plan.com fl.5.p2l.info getstatistics.se
myclicknet.romtelecom.ro yieldtraffic.com myclicknet.ro hbads.eboz.com stats1.one.ru
mychoicerewards.com moneyraid.com track.isp-survey.com ard.xxxblackbook.com
myasiantv.gsspcln.jp partners.realgirlsmedia.com adweb1.hornymatches.com
www.searchv.com my2.hizliizlefilm.net adonline.e-kolay.net jb.revolvermaps.com
indepth-registration.net s7.cnzz.com consumerincentivenetwork.com yvwbox.de
modemspeedbooster.com ads4homes.com msn.wrating.com gpaper114.112.2o7.net
img.casalemedia.com www.traveller-offer.com msn.oewabox.at pm.w55c.net
www.xxxnations.com m.openv.tv webcounter.cz webstat.net static.virgul.com
stampscom.tt.omtrdc.net www.2607.cn gr.burstnet.com lsassoc.com gazeta.hit.gemius.pl
c.blogads.com affiliates.babylon.com affiliatewindow.com su.addthis.com
moads.valuead.com moodoocrv.com.cn www.topconsumergifts.com ads15.hyperbanner.net
synad.nuffnang.com.sg spe.atdmt.com www.caue971.org specialsections.siteseer.ca
mlntracker.com www.watch24.com bitads.net crowdgravity.com utarget.ru
www4.click-fr.com performancing.com mklik.gazeta.pl s3.hit.stat24.com
ua4.hit.stat24.com www.smokersopinionpoll.com ww302.smartadserver.com
ads2.virtumundo.com www.exelio.be cb.alimama.cn medrx.sensis.com.au oneund.ru
www.freeelectronicscenter.com adipex.4.p2l.info cephalexin.ourtablets.com
oixssp-stage.net negadbg.hit.gemius.pl out.popads.net medical-rewardpath.com
www.webservis.gen.tr bidentonrccom.122.2o7.net mediaupdate41.com www.888casino.com
rubanners.com bsclick.adknowledge.com ads7.gamecity.net 699.stats.misstrends.com
tpl2.realtracker.com engine.phn.doublepimp.com s1.inviziads.com fun.lbn.ru
media.adrcdn.com witch-counter.de media3.popmarker.com mu-in-f167.1e100.net
couponchief.122.2o7.net media2.legacy.com www.punishtube.com bidsystem.com
bvalphaserver.com mcfg.sandai.net h.ppjol.com www.wantsfly.com www7.kampanyatakip.net
malware-scan.com maxadserver.corusradionetwork.com www.videolove.clanteam.com
mastertracks.be c.mdnhinc.com projectorreviews.advertserve.com kicker.ivwbox.de
marketing-rewardpath.com tecla-technologies.fr error.pimproll.com tvmtracker.com
mangler7.generals.ea.com content-ssl.yieldmanager.com popadscdn.net
mangler2.generals.ea.com win2150.vs.easily.co.uk www.adpowerzone.com
www.schwule-boys-nackt.cxa.de ptreklam.com harrenmedianetwork.com
aumonewcarcom.112.2o7.net aboutwebservices.com itreviews.uk.intellitxt.com
gcirm.newsleader.com adbrite.112.2o7.net mmaadnet.ad-control-panel.com www.ivwboxg.de
www.ciqugasox.cn entrecard.s3.amazonaws.com mads.aol.com phpads.i-merge.net adv.yo.cz
ad1.emediate.se 9547.hittail.com clickhype.com d.lumatag.co.uk macads.net m3.2mdn.net
m2.sexgarantie.nl active.hit.stat24.com s5.cnzz.com affiliates.neteller.com
flashsavant.com www.ivwbuox.de adnet.chicago.tribune.com cnt.trafficstars.com
pigra.csheaven.com www.pivwbox.de login.linkpulse.com www.bankofamerica.com.ok.am
518ad.com ad-sponsor.com www.automotive-offer.com publicidad.entelchile.net
mirageads.net ad2.parom.hu ac.mmstat.com www30a1.glam.com loading321.com fireally.net
omrdatacapture.com liquidad.narrowcastmedia.com ads2.clickad.com mtv.247realmedia.com
bontril.ourtablets.com link2me.ru www.toplist.sk profitshare.bg
updates.advert-network.com images.secureserver.net www.adwarespy.com c.in.msn.com
facebook-repto1040s2.ahlamountada.com oix6.net ads6.speedbit.com ac.rnm.ca
itsfree123.com myexclusiverewards.com layer-ads.de f4.p0y.com beta.f.adbull.com
protection.aupolice.com www.superstat.info a.prisacom.com 604.stats.misstrends.com
nateve.us lanzar.publicidadweb.com kona7.kontera.com camerondiaznude.ca.tt
monster-ads.net armsart.com www.ivwbaox.de fdbdo.com iv2wbox.de kona2.kontera.com
kmdl101.com klipmart.dvlabs.com photos.daily-deals.analoganalytics.com
www.counter4all.com www.testracking.com art-photo-music-premiumblvd.com atdmt.com
coreg.flashtrack.net somethingawful.us.intellitxt.com katu.adbureau.net w111.am15.net
k.admob.com pv.wantsfly.com www.eivwbox.de jivox.com jingjia.qq.com
mreg.hit.gemius.pl spinbox.com jcarter.spinbox.net zoloft.1.p2l.info ivwbkox.de
giftcardchallenge.com games-toys-rewardpath.com level3.applifier.com c.abnad.net
11398.onceedge.ru ivwboxk.de j.admob.com clickhereforcellphones.com mytop-in.net
iwantmyfreelaptop.com ads8.advertwizard.com trk14.logger.co.kr rumds.wpdigital.net
syndication.exoclickz.com usatravel-specials.com cbsnfl.112.2o7.net
webseoanalytics.com www.jivwbox.de iwantmyfree-laptop.com firstfinda.info
isg04.casalemedia.com cmn1lsm2.beliefnet.com hurricanedigitalmedia.com trafficz.net
www.iesnare.com checkintocash.data.7bpeople.com secure.ace-tag.advertising.com
ab159015.adbutler-zilon.com toptenreviews.us.intellitxt.com nedstats.xs4all.nl
cnt.tyxo.bg tracking.iol.co.za www.didata.bw media2021.videostrip.com i.qitrck.com
isg01.casalemedia.com free-gift-cards-now.com www.arcadebanners.com
www.toolbarcounter.com popup.softreklam.com mcopolice.com w30.am15.net
ox-d.chacha.com internet.billboard.cz intelliads.com alive.us.intellitxt.com
muwmedia.com come-see-it-all.com insurance-rewardpath.com microsof.wemfbox.ch
te.dailypress.com www.banner4all.dk contaxe.de www.crowdignite.com
gpaper176.112.2o7.net www.adsupply.com oixchina.com imrkcrv.net www.fishclix.com
themoneyclippodcast.com te.ivillage.com flexbanner.com imp.adsmogo.com im.of.pl
img4.cdn.adjuggler.com www.smarttargetting.com biokovoholidays.com www.offerx.co.uk
isg03.casalemedia.com imarker.com kotikokki.spring-tns.net images.sohu.com
djugoogs.com womensforum.us.intellitxt.com adoburcrv.com popups.infostart.com
snipjs.answcdn.com images.people2people.com m6.no.2mdn.net cdn.nearbyad.com
ad-center.com images.linkwithin.com porn.mtree.com webpdp.gator.com
gpaper167.112.2o7.net www.d03x2011.com roxr.net ku6afp.allyes.com
imageserver1.thruport.com wholesaletraffic.info analytics.fairfax.com.au
images.bluetime.com ads1.destructoid.com cl.netseer.com redirect.viglink.com
sportalbg.adocean.pl www.art-photo-music-savingblvd.com iebar.baidu.com
marketingsolutions.yahoo.com aax-eu.amazon-adsystem.com tattooshaha.info
teatac4bath.com demr.mspaceads.com aff1.gittigidiyor.com pets.finaltips.com
ivwboxl.de zyban.about-tabs.com idearc.tt.omtrdc.net widget.achetezfacile.com
mads.chow.com id5576.al21.luxup.ru omnitureglobal.112.2o7.net celebrex.1.p2l.info
ir-na.amazon-adsystem.com obada-konstruktiwa.org www2.nuseek.com
betcollect.247realmedia.com update.utorrent.com gazetteextra.advertserve.com
cdna.tremormedia.com cb1.counterbot.com iadc.qwapi.com iacas.adbureau.net
sexymarissa.net huiwiw.hit.gemius.pl core0.node12.top.mail.ru my.trgino.com
adexpansion.com httpring.qq.com www.webwise.net asklots.com whosread.com
hotgiftzone.com jzclick.soso.com tdkads.ads.dk hot-daily-deal.com
hotbar.dgndesign.com yadro.ru data.wa.perf.overture.com hooqy.com
allgetaways.us.intellitxt.com a.giantrealm.com honolulu.app.ur.gcion.com
online-florist.petrovka.info hit.8digits.com cdn.complexmedianetwork.com
ethicalads.net needadvertising.com hightrafficads.com
latribune.electronicpromotions2015.com haynet.adbureau.net add.f5haber.com
zyban.1.p2l.info adgraphics.theonion.com tracking.spiderbait.com www.linkads.de
off.screensaver.com hathor.eztonez.com ads09.hyperbanner.net
h-afnetwww.adshuffle.com gameconsolerewards.com freerestaurantsource.com
www.vivwbox.de gumpolice.com guiaconsumidor.com asm2.z1.adserver.com advdl.ammadv.it
dtm.advertising.com bookclub-offer.com gratkapl.adocean.pl downloadcdn.com
www.apparelncs.com ads13.udc.advance.net zoloft.3.p2l.info
graphics.adultfriendfinder.com go.lfstmedia.com qj.us.intellitxt.com
go.intact.bbelements.com c.sg.msn.com gofreegifts.com m4.ae.2mdn.net iv3box.de
m6.ae.2mdn.net uvimage.56.com www.ivwbhox.de go.adee.bbelements.com
s1.delfilt.adocean.pl videos.video-loader.com www.books-media-edu-rewardempire.com
gingert.net gimmethatreward.com offerx.co.uk clickthrunet.net l.5min.com
restaurantcom.tt.omtrdc.net adiq.coupons.com notebook-memory.searchservice.info
gifts-flowers-rewardpath.com arbomedia.pl www.blowsearch.com ghmtr.hit.gemius.pl
ne.5.p2l.info businessedgeadvance.com ghalibaft.com cdn.mercent.com fmsads.com
getyour5kcredits0.blogspot.com oixssp.net creafi-online-media.com ad2.turn.com
getmyfreelaptophere.com getagiftonline.com arm2pie.com www.impresionesweb.com
nordette.4.p2l.info geopolice.com geoads.osdn.com m7.ca.2mdn.net
gcirm.thespectrum.com mgid.com theads.me www.friend-greeting.com
gcirm.thedailyjournal.com gcirm.pensacolanewsjournal.com www.getacooltv.com
gcirm.muskogeephoenix.com us.a1.yimg.com adjug.com ordersildenafil.com
bestjobs.hit.gemius.pl g.admedia.com s.media-imdb.com ycv.clearshieldredirect.com
fdads.sv.publicus.com clk.cloudyisland.com www.gezinti.com gcirm.customcoupon.com
gcirm.courierpostonline.com gcirm.courier-journal.com gcirm.citizen-times.com
nmeprod.122.2o7.net reduxmedia.com adsklick.de nextel-ringtone.komi.su
trafficadept.com gcirm.cincinnati.com coinurl.com d.101m3.com
metrics.washingtonpost.com rehabretie.com gcdn.2mdn.net g3t4d5.madison.com
stat.gw.youmi.net ebayus.112.2o7.net static-cdn.labs.burstnet.com
tracking.peopletomysite.com 360yield.com phorm.web.tr svd2.adtlgc.com www.ivwbolx.de
www.rewardhotspot.com fvid.atm.youku.com tates.freestats.com schwab.tt.omtrdc.net
my.surveypopups.com freepayasyougotopupuk.co.uk louisvil.ur.gcion.com
freelaptopwebsites.com g.p.mybuys.com freeentertainmentsource.com
ads-hl.noktamedya.com.tr proxy.ia2.marketscore.com ctnsnet.com my-rewardsvault.com
freeelectronicsdepot.com freedinnersource.com freecoolgift.com
cserver.mii.instacontent.net xenical.3.p2l.info freecamerauk.co.uk
freecamerasource.com m6.be.2mdn.net honarkhaneh.net sparkstudios.com
freecameraprovider.com track.hulu.com hits.webstat.com ads3.gamecity.net
clit50.outster.com rnews.focus-news.net freebiegb.co.uk online-cash.petrovka.info
f.qstatic.com foroushi.net foodmixeroffer.com www.dimou.de
alexa-sitestats.s3.amazonaws.com partner.ceneo.pl following-technology.com
fodder.qq.com go.pl.bbelements.com adv.powertracker.org cm.myway.com m7.sg.2mdn.net
adtechus.com varsityads.directtrack.com eur.a1.yimg.com va.5.p2l.info
httpwwwadserver.com diff.smartadserver.com content.cpxinteractive.com
www.iperbanner.com cm.npc-calkins.overture.com fls-na.amazon.com
adserve.profit-smart.com ad3.hornymatches.com cdn.vidible.tv fif49.info
appdev.addthis.com ads1.revenue.net max.i12.de laptoprewardsgroup.com
protection.lbpolice.com msn.allyes.com fengfengtiecrv.com.cn 6159.genieessp.com
b.stats.paypal.com www.3turtles.com taobaoafp.allyes.com ikvwbox.de jgen45.cjt1.net
smc.silvercash.com fengfengtie.com.cn pix02.revsci.net helpint.mywebsearch.com
net-filter.com fdimages.fairfax.com.au havakhosh.com camgeil.com fcg.casino770.com
iv2box.de adserver1.lokitorrent.com www.biggestgiftrewards.com mlbhouston.112.2o7.net
pixel.indieclick.com eyewonder.com jgen30.cjt1.net www.marss.eu
eventtracker.videostrip.com woopra.com proximityads.flipcorp.com
newsterminalvelocity.com klikk.linkpulse.com eu.xtms.net fe1-it.imrworldwide.com
go.admulti.com etype.adbureau.net eddamedia.tns-cs.net netaffiliation.com
etrk.asus.com bannerhost.egamingonline.com creative.clicksor.com
www.brandrewardcentral.com engine.espace.netavenir.com htmlwww.youfck.com
engage.speedera.net engage.everyone.net www.naturalgrowthstore.biz
www.popupdomination.com wordplaywhiz.com livwbox.de adv.bbanner.it e.baidu.com
eb.adbureau.net e.as-eu.falkag.net cyseal.cyveillance.com ultrabestportal.com
m7.nz.2mdn.net ak.maxserving.com adimages.sina.com.hk www.kvr-systems.de
dra.amazon-adsystem.com www212.paypopup.com cdn3.emediate.eu downloadmpplayer.com
dnse.linkpulse.com logoworksdev.112.2o7.net dnps.com business-rewardpath.com
darikspaceadbg.hit.gemius.pl server821.com us.z1.yimg.com dev.sfbg.com
devlp1.linkpulse.com roshanavar.com extreembilisim.com vad.adbasket.net
devart.adbureau.net local.promoisland.net desk.mspaceads.com disco.flashbannernow.com
content.clipster.ws d.adserve.com adv.surinter.net pmetrics.getclicky.com phorm.ch
d.adnetxchange.com alert.police-patrol-agent.com d5phz18u4wuww.cloudfront.net
c.lomadee.com aimg.haber3.com adx.adspirit.de i.radzolo.com
d1ros97qkrwjf5.cloudfront.net d1.openx.org buy-ultram-online.iscool.nl
www30a4.glam.com clicks.deskbabes.com cashback.co.uk www.monkeyball.osa.pl
shc-rebates.com nkcache.brandreachsys.com cyber-incentives.com ctbdev.net
dstw.adgear.com buy-cheap-phentermine.blogspot.com reishus.de www.1guy1cock.com
adside.com nortelcom.112.2o7.net www.targeted-banners.com crowdignite.com
ads1.perfadbrite.com.akadns.net adtgs.adk2.co scrollbelow.com c.prodigy.msn.com
adthru.com start.qip.ru api.zanox.com jgen17.cjt1.net skelaxin.4.p2l.info
cpro.baidu.com cp.promoisland.net stat003.mylivepage.com wellbutrin.1.p2l.info
c.ph.msn.com protection.kppolice.com adsweb.tiscali.cz adbot.com www.clicktale.com
pokachi.net count6.51yes.com levitra.1.p2l.info websfarm.org
tracking.vacationsmadeeasy.com hst.tradedoubler.com cool-premiums-now.com
affiliate.kitapyurdu.com stat.onestat.com clickspring.net atax.gamermetrics.com
content.promoisland.net com.shc-rebates.com compolice.com www123.glam.com
drizzydrake.us.intellitxt.com p.nexac.com personalantispy.com companion.adap.tv
impressionlead.com commerce-offer.com kreaffiliation.com content.ad20.net
gadgeteer.pdamart.com ivwbos.de custom-wrs.api.responsys.net ns1.oix.com
www.ivwbox0.de coffeehausblog.com uolfreeservers.112.2o7.net
peter-north-cum-shot.blogspot.com namimedia.com www.ivwbpx.de adsrv.emporis.com
c.mgid.com feedbackresearch.com cmap.rm.ace.advertising.com cgm.adbureau.ne
cmap.dc.ace.advertising.com ocp.cbsnews.com cmap.an.ace.advertising.com c.it.msn.com
112.2o7.net fast.marthastewart.demdex.net ee.adocean.pl adsspace.net sezwho.com
a01.gestionpub.com c.th.msn.com www.iwvwbox.de clk.addmt.com clipserv.adclip.com
hostedbannerads.aebn.net ma.baidu.com mads.cbsnews.com yukoyuko.112.2o7.net
www.blogtopsites.com engine.adland.ru clickthrutraffic.com avpa.dzone.com
clicks.totemcash.com bdnad1.bangornews.com www.feedstermedia.com a.admaxserver.com
click.pulse360.com www.rewardsflow.com triphasil.1.p2l.info clickmedia.ro
static.wooboo.com.cn ozertesa.com www.adverts.dcthomson.co.uk adnet-media.net
nxtscrn.adbureau.net click.israelinfo.ru addshoppers.t.domdex.com
www3.ad.tomshardware.com unitex.home.pl www.statsession.com
cyclobenzaprine.ourtablets.com img.layer-ads.de freecameraonus.com click.avenuea.com
hit-counter.udub.com popclick.net revenuepilot.com adm.265g.com cl320.v4.adaction.se
hi.5.p2l.info media.betburdaaffiliates.com ranking-street.de cl21.v4.adaction.se
c.il.msn.com z-na.amazon-adsystem.com crosspixel.demdex.net c.betrad.com
celexa.3.p2l.info c.hk.msn.com chartbeat.com www.computer-offer.com c.ie.msn.com
charging-technology.com cdn.merchenta.com c.gr.msn.com cgm.adbureau.net
cdn.innovid.com macaddictads.snv.futurenet.com c.fr.msn.com cent.adbureau.net
cellphoneincentives.com cdn.syn.verticalacuity.com viagra.1.p2l.info
enter.sexlist.com edf.fr.kfskz.com cdn.stat.easydate.biz www.terraclicks.com
cdn.popcash.net rx8club.us.intellitxt.com adsadmin.vaildaily.com ads2.rne.com
cdns.mydirtyhobby.com targetingnow.com track.anchorfree.com ivwsbox.de
cdn.onescreen.net adv.ilsole24ore.it us.intellitxt.com
dealcollect.insightfirst.com tracker.banned-celebpics.com bannerhost.com
www.ivwbock.de cdn.adigniter.org cdn.8digits.com www.i9vwbox.de
token.boomerang.com.au angelinajolie.ca.tt a.heavy-r.com m5.ae.2mdn.net divwbox.de
buy-cialis-online.iscool.nl cdn2.amateurmatch.com
www.lucky-day-uk.com onlinecash.com cdn1.traffichaus.com ako.cc gpaper172.112.2o7.net
youtibe.com advertising.paltalk.com www.impressionaffiliate.mobi cctv.adsunion.com
codeine.ourtablets.com fast.ecs.demdex.net c.cl.msn.com casino770.com
car-truck-boat-bonuspath.com rainbow-fi.mythings.com r.bid4keywords.com
ccs.infospace.com srv2.wa.marketingsolutions.yahoo.com careers.canwestad.net
adult.shengen.ru adtech.panthercustomer.com www.777seo.com 008.free-counter.co.uk
4affiliate.net msnportal.112.2o7.net afe.specificclick.net yt.5.p2l.info
c.actiondesk.com cacheserve.prestigecasino.com bbtv.blinkx.com
www.shoppingjobshere.com stat.netmonitor.fi buzzbox.buzzfeed.com adsvidsdouble.com
www.shoptosaveenergy.com derkeiler.com www.xl-rank.com buttcandy.com czarni.i15.eu
zivwbox.de ads10.hyperbanner.net businessdealsblog.com ssltracking.esearchvision.com
www.astalavista.us broadent.vo.llnwd.net web.informer.com red02.as-us.falkag.net
bostonsubwayoffer.com tk-gregoric.si bnrs.ilm.ee ads-grooveshark.com
msalt.mysearch.com b.myspace.com ads2.advertwizard.com adserv.maineguide.com
download.funwebproducts.com publishers.brokertraffic.com com-vw.netmng.com
bl.wavecdn.de blogads.ebanner.nl sei.com.pe blog.addthis.com casinopays.com
7bpeople.com blasphemysfhs.info origin.chron.com scratch2cash.com bizographics.com
productresearchpanel.com adtech.sabitreklam.com server.adformdsp.net
billing.speedboink.com bill.agent.v-56.com bill.agent.56.com admax.quisma.com
u4556.11.spylog.com adsstat.com betterperformance.goldenopps.info
tube8vidstyp.ddns.name www.usemax.de lexapro.1.p2l.info bestgift4you.cn
bell.adcentriconline.com s11.cnzz.com m3.no.2mdn.net rotate.infowars.com
decknetwork.net bbcdn.go.eu.bbelements.com technicserv.com stast2.gq.com
bazandegan.com phoneysoap.com go.arbo.bbelements.com b.as-us.falkag.net
techreview-images.adbureau.net bannersurvey.biz budsinc.com www.bumerang.cc
w99.am15.net www.bus-offer.com track.promptfile.com banners1.linkbuddies.com
a.custompc.co.uk topmarketcenter.com cheap-adipex.hut1.ru classmatescom.112.2o7.net
sexystat.com ww370.smartadserver.com bannerconnect.net alenty.com bannerads.zwire.com
o0.winfuture.de hit-ranking.de blekko.com r.ligatus.com bannerads.anytimenews.com
banman.nepsecure.co.uk ale-gratka.pl a.adtpix.com
actualite-de-stars.fr.intellitxt.com banery.onet.pl www.freebiegb.co.uk
adworks.rediff.com bananacashback.com awrz.net admeta.vo.llnwd.net
refer46.outster.com www.cheekybanners.com bm.alimama.cn oix-rubytest.net
atm.youku.com www.bestsearch.com v16.56.com cheap-carisoprodol.polybuild.ru ru4.com
at-img2.tdimg.com api.adrenalads.com hits4pay.com asg13.casalemedia.com
asg11.casalemedia.com ctologger01.analytics.go.com asg05.casalemedia.com
loan.maybachexelero.org asg03.casalemedia.com c.at.msn.com
adserver-static1.iweb.cortica.com adlegend.com www.datingadvertising.com
as1image2.adshuffle.com art-offer.net ad1.adfarm1.adition.com arbopl.bbelements.com
adsdk.com www.poesiadelsud.it microsoftwga.112.2o7.net a.rad.live.com www.ivwboxv.de
yabuka.com www.bluewaffle.biz battleon.directtrack.com aud.pubmatic.com
app.datafastguru.info us.m1.yimg.com fukkad.com apopt.hbmediapro.com
adrs.hit.gemius.pl metrics.blackberry.com api.admob.com tvshowslist.com
ad-images.suntimes.com aos.gw.youmi.net mangler3.generals.ea.com anrtx.tacoda.net
ns2.webwise.org cdn.mb.datingadzone.com a.mktw.net drewbarrymore.ca.tt
www.wppluginspro.com villagevoicecollect.247realmedia.com nd.5.p2l.info
www.cpabank.com jgen35.cjt1.net admedia.xoom.com www.kliksaya.com
alliance.adbureau.net ak.p.openx.net e1.addthis.com com-kia.netmng.com adboost.de.vu
mbox2.offermatica.com adbutler.de oranla.info afp.qiyi.com afilo.pl adveng.hiasys.com
911.x24hr.com www.sasenergia.pt ns1.openinternetexchange.com protection.frpolice.com
farm.thinktarget.com mapstats.blogflux.com as.5to1.com adz.afterdawn.net adxpose.com
ptreklamssp.net adx.groupstate.com adsgroup.qq.com www.be4life.ru images.revtrax.com
hits.e.cl ads5.mconetwork.com gpaper180.112.2o7.net m7.ae.2mdn.net api.addthis.com
adx.gainesvillsun.com omniture.chip.de adx.adrenalinesk.sk
tcrwharen.homepage.t-online.de adv.lampsplus.com rev.lanistaads.com omniture.com
vistatech.us gamesitestop100.com www.electronics-rewardpath.com ad-vice.biz
advert.uzmantv.com adverts.ecn.co.uk isg06.casalemedia.com cgicounter.onlinehome.de
upads.info www.mochibot.com advertising.gfxartist.com tophostbg.net www.movie-port.ru
m5.be.2mdn.net mixpanel.com adtracking.vinden.nl a4.websponsors.com
www.clicktripz.com apx.moatads.com matrix.mediavantage.de
game-online-video.petrovka.info support.sweepstakes.com weight-loss.4.p2l.info
www.iccee.com static.plista.com adshmct.qq.com carisoprodol.shengen.ru
cache.ads.kartu.lt ads2.ad-flow.com accounts.pkr.com st.vq.ku6.cn imageads.canoe.ca
partner-ads.com justwebads.com webangel.ru tracker.issuu.com
adstogo.com www.duenow.com crain.d1.sc.omtrdc.net twitstat.us cadaver.org
dujur.barginginfrance.net callingcardsinstantly.com 3151.77152.blueseek.com
p3p.alibaba.com adstextview.qq.com www.autohipnose.com phpads.flipcorp.com 180hits.de
ad468.prbn.ru ad-srv.net sobar.baidu.com uadx.com senzatel.com www.1800banners.com
promo.hdvbucks.com oasc02.247realmedia.com adsrv.heraldtribune.com
focusin.ads.targetnet.com porntrack.com greasypalm.com adspiro.pl adsp.haberturk.com
oixcrv-rubyem.net adsniper.ru business-made-fun.com bstats.adbrite.com cybertown.ru
s.marketwatch.com seeq.com.invalid www.fastcounter.linkexchange.nl claria.com
www.friend-greetings.com computersncs.com sc1.admob.com clkads.com toolbarsale.biz
harshwhispers.com adsmart.com bravo.israelinfo.ru hit32.hotlog.ru blogcounter.de
sanalreklam.com tracker.brainsins.com infinityads.com amscdn.btrll.com www.ivwboxc.de
s3015.t.eloqua.com traffk.info d.phormlabs.com adsrc.bankrate.com asa.tynt.com
milleniumpapelaria.com.br optilogus.com engine.xclaimwords.net
protection.mcpolice.com 2945.v.fwmrm.net at.alenty.com adreporting.com 2mdn.net
www.car-truck-boat-bonuspath.com script.crsspxl.com tracking.msadcenter.msn.com
m4n.nl youcanoptin.com w52.am15.net www.tvshowslist.com adsim.sabah.com.tr
b.admob.com media10.popmarker.com vast.bp3855987.btrll.com uvwbox.de adjix.com
praddpro.de tmscdn.coremetrics.com www.iwantmyfreecash.com metrics.gnc.com
cnad2.economicoutlook.net web.easyresearch.se onlypreteens.com
macnn.us.intellitxt.com www.freelaptopgift.com banners2.castles.org painolympics.info
stopphoulplay.net tracking.synthasite.net trafficleader.com www.savings-time.com
at.atwola.com c-71-63-136-200.hsd1.mn.comcast.net s.adklik.com.tr
bonintnewsktarcom.112.2o7.net w57.am15.net pntm.adbureau.net pix04.revsci.net
www.freeshoppingprovider.com onenetworkdirect.com w49.am15.net 4.collecorvino.org
resolvingserver.com bt.linkpulse.com gpaper196.112.2o7.net starlix.ql.st
adsbizsimple.com fetishfitnessbabes.com blogads.com www.kreaffiliation.com
spanids.dictionary.com setupspcp1.888.com affiliate.mlntracker.com
adserver9.contextad.com www.spklds.com r.ace.advertising.com central.iprom.net
adserver4.eudora.com w35.am15.net bbnaut.ibillboard.com adzerk.net adserveuk.com
secure.cardtransaction.com user4634.vs.easily.co.uk
philadelphia_cbslocal.us.intellitxt.com lt.hit.gemius.pl vcu.collserve.com
gcirm.argusleader.gcion.com publishers.domainadvertising.com www.keyofhealth.com
adserver2.popdata.de sdogiu.bestamazontips.com avpa.javalobby.org
adserver2.creative.com isg02.casalemedia.com tmx.technoratimedia.com
adserver1.wmads.com server3.yieldmanaged.com www.upi6.pillsstore-c.com
careers-rewardpath.com adserver1.hookyouup.com adserver1.economist.com
adserver01.ancestry.com findmenow.info mivwbox.de www.larivieracasino.com
adserv2.bravenet.com cashlayer.com yasmin.3.p2l.info www.bitlocker.net
servads.aip.org owebmoney.ru smm.sitescout.com powabcyfqe.com 165a7.v.fwmrm.net
www.surveysite.com opentable.tt.omtrdc.net oix1.net ads-direct.prodigy.net
load.focalex.com d1171912.cp.blacknight.com adnet.biz www2.bannerspace.com
www.finance-offer.com www.laptoprewardsgroup.com www.kontera.com qwmlad.xyz
aistat.net w5.am15.net ads2.ekologia.pl cdn6.adspirit.de www3.webhostingtalk.com
cgirm.greatfallstribune.com bt.webwise.org cache-dev.addthis.com valc.atm.youku.com
epson-printer-ink.beesearch.info e-ltvp.inmobi.com ads9.ad-flow.com www.psclicks.com
ads6.udc.advance.net static.2mdn.net ads6.advance.net www.usatravel-specials.net
5486.winxp.primosearch.com 5be16.v.fwmrm.net ads5.udc.advance.net
cafemom.us.intellitxt.com ads5.advance.net ads03.hyperbanner.net smart-scripts.com
cn.img.adon.vpon.com ads4.virtumundo.com ads4.realcities.com folloyu.com
ads4.gamecity.net robotreplay.com ads4.advance.net celebritywonder.us.intellitxt.com
ads4.ad-flow.com generalchemicalsupply.com media-adrunner.mycomputer.com
cnbc.com-article906773.us ads3.realcities.com media9.popmarker.com
freeshoppingsource.com metrics.store.irobot.com ads3.haber3.com
usads.vibrantmedia.com dot.adtotal.pl ads36.hyperbanner.net
readersdigest.tt.omtrdc.net huntingtonbank.tt.omtrdc.net optimizedby.brealtime.com
ads2.zdnet.com fkhfgfg.tk adserver-3.ig.com.br ads2.udc.advance.net s2.buysellads.com
ads2srv.com ads2.revenue.net ads2.osdn.com ads2.emeraldcoast.com
ads2.clearchannel.com ads01.com s2.youtube.com cdn.adbrau.com a.ligatus.de
ads18.hyperbanner.net classifiedscanada.112.2o7.net www.objectity.info
ads16.advance.net protection.ncpolice.com
www.sivwbox.de ads11.hyperbanner.net tdameritrade.tt.omtrdc.net
ads05.hyperbanner.net mojofarm.mediaplex.com 1c6e2.v.fwmrm.net www1.safenyplanet.in
metrics.al.com ad-noise.net te.cleveland.net adn.kinkydollars.com
secure.leadback.advertising.com top5.mail.ru admin.digitalacre.com fxyc0dwa.com
adm.fwmrm.net www.claimfreerewards.com admanager.collegepublisher.com
sharepointads.com web.adblade.com gcirm.idehostatesman.com protection.bypolice.com
ad01.tmgrup.com.tr adultadworld.com 6ivwbox.de affiliates.genealogybank.com
admanager1.collegepublisher.com torontostar.demdex.net www.freelaptopnation.com
outlets-online.pl tix.pinion.gg adj9.thruport.com ex.banner.t-online.de
admonkey.dapper.net cs.luckyorange.net api.instantdollarz.com sp1.convertro.com
bbg.d1.sc.omtrdc.net feedsweep.us.intellitxt.com load.instinctiveads.com kirgo.at
adunit.chango.com www.widestep.com barafranca.iwarp.com cache1.adhostingsolutions.com
praxisww.com clicks.virtuagirlhd.com static.brsrvr.com cdn.atdmt.com hitlounge.com
counters.auctionhelper.com mads.tv.com 10394-127.ampxchange.com
socpixel.bidsystem.com server1.beaconpush.com m.friendlyduck.com bmuk.burstnet.com
ad1.netshelter.net adserver1.adbrands.co.il
www.admez.com pixel.yabidos.com trk.kissmetrics.com w.usabilla.com ats.tumri.net
beacon.tracelytics.com adv.freeonline.it www.cashfiesta.com www.porno-lesben.cxa.de
aporg.112.2o7.net keemy.butlerelectricsupply.com www.cortesidesign.com
pix.silverpush.co exitexchange.com flycast.com networks.remal.com.sa
technicupdate.com asasas.eu d.shareaholic.com apibeta.zeti.com
sport5digital.checkm8.com ad4.abradio.cz computerworldcom.112.2o7.net
advertising.zenit.org stat.ganbox.com gottabemobile.us.intellitxt.com
json4.ringrevenue.com js4.ringrevenue.com www.nothingcompares.co.uk motd.pinion.gg
www.acez.com imglinks.industrybrains.com babes.ign.us.intellitxt.com
pronetadvertising.com config.parsely.com rh.qq.com slovakia.hit.gemius.pl h.nexac.com
rapidresponse.directtrack.com cdn.udmserve.net tracking.vindicosuite.com
cashflowmarketing.com cmi.netseer.com www.pcdefender.co.vu www69.dynu.com
lc.livefyre.com videodirectory10.info buyviagra.polybuild.ru api.lanistaads.com
506.xg4ken.com csoonlinecom.112.2o7.net track.hubspot.com bank08.ads.dt.mydas.mobi
ad4mat.de dl.gameplaylabs.com samsung3.solution.weborama.fr heapanalytics.com
ct70.dsr.livefyre.com www.euroconcept.ro st.dynamicyield.com t.trackedlink.net
vodafonegroup.122.2o7.net app.ubertags.com toyota.demdex.net xicaxique.com.br
bigbrandpromotions.com swa.demdex.net thelastboss.us.intellitxt.com philly.demdex.net
adipex.3.p2l.info everydayhealth.demdex.net tzut.asifctuenefcioroxa.net
advert.runescape.com www.iframes.us cdn.orbengine.com hollywooddame.us.intellitxt.com
cam.demdex.net www25.victoriassecret.com www.clickmeter.com pluto.adcycle.com
boschetto-hotel.gr context.adshadow.net admarket.cz web2.checkm8.com
statstracker.celebrity-gossip.net jgen27.cjt1.net myad.clicksor.net
tap-cdn.rubiconproject.com uolphotosite.112.2o7.net ads7.ad-flow.com
el.christiancarenet.com lpm-tf1.nuggad.net pixel.captora.com asd.tynt.com
hook.yieldbuild.com profm.count.brat-online.ro myfreegifts.co.uk cnzz.mmstat.com
sa.aol.com.122.2o7.net a.hspvst.com www.software-hq.net www.nbcsearch.com
track.linkoffers.net graphics.streamray.com reunioncom.112.2o7.net wa.kurier.at
freewebcards.com tracking.olx.com control.adap.tv www.mystat.pl www.t5.ro
metrics.cars.com b.monetate.net static.inviziads.com cdn.triggertag.gorillanation.com
akatracking.esearchvision.com usas1.advfn.com www.mastertracks.be www.cashcount.com
scaner-sbite.tk php.genesismedia.com images.ccbill.com www.hostedbanners.com
atlas.aamedia.ro tamiflu-in-canada.asian-flu-vaccine.com
content.yieldmanager.edgesuite.net citi.bridgetrack.com.edgesuite.net www.tag4arm.com
bank01.ads.mp.mydas.mobi casting.openv.com adinterax.cnet.com.edgesuite.net
refer1.outster.com tags.expo9.exponential.com server3.opentracker.net clicklink.jp
dd.connextra.com bullz-eye.us.intellitxt.com cc.connextra.com www.adnet.de pinion.gg
cts.channelintelligence.com content.budsinc.com www.topsites24.de
anon.doubleclick.speedera.net www.cool-premiums.com errors.servik.com qnsr.com
cdn.qbaka.net www.adsedo.com s99.cnzz.com gamerstemple.us.intellitxt.com
red04.as-us.falkag.net blethenmaine.112.2o7.net gcirm.argusleader.com
pagerank-submitter.com gallys.nastydollars.com achmedia.com e2.molbuk.ua a.tvlim.com
www.shinystat.it go.padstm.com kona.kontera.com 2001positions.com dimensionnail.ro
zbiornik.com go.bb007.bbelements.com hs.interpolls.com jgen40.cjt1.net
servedby.informatm.com bfd69dd9.se socialspark.com ads2.xnet.cz www.cadaver.org
cs1.adxpansion.com www.hivwbox.de c.bigmir.net 79423.analytics.edgesuite.net
app2.salesmanago.pl hostboard.us.intellitxt.com kipasdenim.com i.l.cnn.net
cdn.adk2.com victoriaadvocate.112.2o7.net omni.sportingnews.com cdn.ad4game.com
b.oix.com xp1.zedo.com www.cpx24.com www.spylog.com advertmedia.de static.yieldmo.com
santacruzsentinel.112.2o7.net roorbong.com funklicks.com ohtuleht.spring-tns.net
content.womensforum.com gdecz.hit.gemius.pl www.freeze.com textad.xxxcupid.com
e-ads.eqads.com nxtck.com counter4u.de cdn.beaconpush.com c.thanksearch.com
a.thanksearch.com ssprings.rotator.hadj7.adjuggler.net bsads.looksmart.com
trc.taboola.com clicktrace.info vip2.clickzs.com px.smowtion.com count3.51yes.com
adm.shacknews.com feeds.global-intermedia.com r5.dir.bg us-ads.openx.net
viarnd.112.2o7.net creative.wwwpromoter.com soase.buyyourbtc.com re.rutan.org
lenovo.112.2o7.net wd-edge.sharethis.com pride-u-bike.com sportat.oewabox.at
media.adcentriconline.com m.servebom.com analytics.rogersmedia.com
postchronicle.us.intellitxt.com wm.mtree.com www.synovite-scripts.com
collector.deepmetrix.com c.rmgserving.com www.iavwbox.de
www.geolocation.performgroup.com www.deepmetrix.com a.postrelease.com adtriplex.com
adcache.nymag.com t.myvisualiq.net www.freegasprovider.com homesclick.112.2o7.net
rainbow-nl.mythings.com aboutads.quantcast.com vms.boldchat.com
guerria-skateboard-tommy.tabrays.com cdn.mxpnl.com e.monetate.net zedoadservices.com
a.jumptap.com oneandonlynetwork.com dent-lux.com.pl telefloracom.112.2o7.net
vidoshdxsup.ru sniff.visistat.com www.free-gift-cards-now.com kazaa.adserver.co.il
content.media-servers.net ads2.newtimes.com s2.mdpcdn.com x.clickcertain.com
nytrhouma.112.2o7.net track.roiservice.com 86file.megajoy.com service.maxymiser.net
cdn.innity.net hollywood.122.2o7.net js.hs-analytics.net ac.ajur.info
pub47.bravenet.com v3.cnzz.com search-netsite.com d14.zedo.com b.grvcdn.com
s.fl-ads.com adv.netmedia.bg justmovietrailers.us.intellitxt.com drive.videoclick.ru
cdn.epicgameads.com ndparking.com aolsvc.122.2o7.net ma76-c.analytics.edgesuite.net
www.top99.ro openx.adfactor.nl ma74-r.analytics.edgesuite.net creativos.ads.uigc.net
comicbookmovie.us.intellitxt.com static.kameleoon.com mediaregad.hit.gemius.pl
thayvenetian.112.2o7.net fast.torontostar.demdex.net d.nster.net
im.banner.t-online.de www.ttzmedia.com assets.buysellads.com au.adserver.yahoo.com
hoodia.kogaryu.com fast.telstra.demdex.net fast.swa.demdex.net go.eu.bbelements.com
kylie-walters.com fast.fedex.demdex.net prof.beta.estat.com www.freefoodsource.com
j.2004cms.com get1.0111design.info cookonsea.com sedoparking.com ivwbopx.de
beacon.sojern.com media101.sitebrand.com cs.sexcounter.com mktgcdn.de.coremetrics.com
prefix.hit.gemius.pl static.trafficstars.com cdn1.clkmon.com cc.chango.com
f.gj555.net toonfamilies.net s111.cnzz.com tk.graphinsider.com tfag.de
openx.omniton.net ivwox.de vermontteddybear.112.2o7.net www.nationalsurveypanel.com
powerhosting.tv adserv.postbulletin.com content.aimatch.com xml2.nbcsearch.com
secure.uac.advertising.com a.adready.com metrics.necn.com vip.clickzzs.nl adtcp.ru
mngislctrib.112.2o7.net www.adstreams.org www.adobetag.com idcounter.com
adsrvmedia.adk2.co diff3.smartadserver.com track.cbs.com creative.ad131m.com
teens24h.com api.behavioralengine.com intadserver102.info ad-indicator.com
fr.85.clickintext.net cdn.optimizely.com by.essl.optimost.com
secure.img-cdn.mediaplex.com content.rmxads.com update.hiconversion.com l7.zedo.com
iocdn.coremetrics.com fast.fairfaxau.demdex.net
external.dmtracker.com freemarketforever.com delivery-s3.adswizz.com jpirate.cjt1.net
www.someonewhocares.com d.audienceiq.com nimp.org ma156-r.analytics.edgekey.net
updat120.clanteam.com rm.ocregister.com idvisitor.trove.com overturecom.112.2o7.net
adipex.shengen.ru targeting.adwebster.com track.oainternetservices.com
adimg.ngfiles.com www.forboringbusinesses.com s83.cnzz.com connextra.com
ads2.contentabc.com p.bm23.com cdn.appendad.com cdn.taboola.com easyhitcounters.com
s.ad121m.com blogvertising.pl vast.bp3855991.btrll.com rainbow-no.mythings.com
oddbanner.bet-at-home.com navigator.io c0.amazingcounters.com m7.se.2mdn.net
mail.youcanoptout.net sslwidget.criteo.com sovereign.sitetracker.com
uvidu.butlerelectricsupply.com stats2.teenvogue.com rainbow-es.mythings.com
carmenelectra.1stok.com kestrel.ospreymedialp.com a5.websponsors.com www.atrx7.com
wenner.collect.igodigital.com adnet.pravda.com.ua get-answers-fast.com
videodetectivenetwork.valuead.com www.stat24.com scrooge.wsoctv.com oin.valuead.com
hrads.valuead.com cdn1.clkoffers.com openx.angelsgroup.org.uk
austria-car-rental.findworm.net rd.revolvermaps.com arank.com www.truesuite.com
ac2.valuead.com promo.cams.com pixel.adcrowd.com adserver-2.ig.com.br
partners.adultadworld.com c10054.ic-live.com www.bedoc.fr track.blogmeetsbrand.com
hippo.adultadworld.com www10.ad.tomshardware.com app.adsbrook.com
dietsinreview.us.intellitxt.com cluster3.adultadworld.com de.ads.adviva.net
gcirm.news-press.com aus.laola1.tv textad.xpress.com adcomplete.com
www.findit-quick.com mom.freelogs.com bank06.ads.dt.mydas.mobi
adverserve.austriacomplus.at avirasecureserver.com www.advertserve.com purgecolon.net
jrcdelcotimescom.122.2o7.net ads2.speedbit.com pridesource.advertserve.com
divavillage.advertserve.com 9down.us.intellitxt.com zyprexa.about-tabs.com
partners.xhamster.com www.m-barati.de lladinserts.us.publicus.com media.exchange.bg
links.industrybrains.com m2.xhamster.com f-js1.spotsniper.ru oasjs.kataweb.it
ivvwbox.de server2.discountclick.com www.globe7.com scaner-figy.tk no.2.cqcounter.com
zfhg.digitaldesire.com tikonl.ivwbox.de bannertesting.com muscle-relaxers.1.p2l.info
zedo.com mobilepuma.com cdn.mirageads.net ad-clicks.com trinitymirror.112.2o7.net
bestfanvideo.com your-free-iphone.com protection.alpolice.com as.featurelink.com
adj47.thruport.com womenslabour.org alfatraffic.com aabe3b.se ixoox.csheaven.com
someonewhocares.com spots.ah-me.com st.ad.adnow.com winlock.usa.cc b.t.tailtarget.com
oakso.tourstogo.us sueddeut.ivwbox.de electronicspresent.com ino.directtrack.com
reviews.domainplayersclub.com www.myaffiliateprogram.com casino-on-net.com
dailytech.us.intellitxt.com www.bigbadted.com a.tribalfusion.com m4.pl.2mdn.net
asian.streamate.com www.adorigin.com ads-us.pictela.net vbbg.adocean.pl
stat.adlabs.ru phentermine.t-amo.net content.mkt932.com sk.adocean.pl
security-siqldspc-check.in s1.skgde.adocean.pl www.gimmethatreward.com
l.socialsexnetwork.net www.web-chart.de s1.gojobsru.adocean.pl
s1.edipresse.adocean.pl sad.sharethis.com 10006.hittail.com www.kcta.or.kr
saxorutland.122.2o7.net data.apn.co.nz vdn.valuead.com austria1.adverserve.net
s1.advicepl.adocean.pl speedclicks.ero-advertising.com wineenthusiastcom.112.2o7.net
www.contestation-pv.fr count.rtl.de links-ranking.de rs.adocean.pl ro1ro.adocean.pl
vialogorollup.112.2o7.net js.goods.redtram.com update-java.kit.net appnexus.com
lrytaslt.adocean.pl keepaneyemk.adocean.pl images.parked.com buy-zyban.all.at
investorbg.adocean.pl ads-fr.ret01.ligatus.com hrgde.adocean.pl gspro.adocean.pl
4184.stats.misstrends.com bravenet.com i.laih.com edipresse.adocean.pl
lib.spinmedia.com s.as-us.falkag.net legal-rewardpath.com www.liveperson.com
delfilv.adocean.pl online-bingo.petrovka.info creative.ad121m.com
topdownloads.nl.intellitxt.com www.inckamedia.com bggde.adocean.pl gcirm.sctimes.com
secure2.segpay.com geobanner.getiton.com intuit.sp1.convertro.com
ps-eu.amazon-adsystem.com psy.mtree.com ad1.nownews.com tagline.bidsystem.com
www.hentaibanners.com feedx.bidsystem.com bspixel.bidsystem.com krs.ymxpb.com
77tracking.com cash4members.com web.adknowledge.com kc.mv.bidsystem.com
uuseeafp.allyes.com mv.bidsystem.com cpm.tz4.com gamevance.com
ww965.smartadserver.com promo.intuitext.ro s05.flagcounter.com a68.korrelate.net
adfusion.com affinity.go2jump.org ifa.youpornmate.com milbglobal.112.2o7.net
adsrvmedia.adk2.net ifa.yobtcams.com ifa.xhamstercams.com clicks.weselltraffic.com
torquenews.us.intellitxt.com www.humanclick.com contactmusic.uk.intellitxt.com
error.freewebsites.com adsyndication.yelldirect.com b.adnxs.com
www.consumerincentivenetwork.com buy-cheap-xanax.all.at doublepimp.com
sunidaytravel.co.uk ivwboxr.de mainstream.topbucks.com regnow.com
affiliates.thinkhost.net js.hubspot.com api.nrelate.com www.adserver.janes.org
www.seehits.com ifa.pornhublive.com iptoo.cruisingsmallship.com tvn2.adocean.pl
start.xxxcounter.com static.adzerk.net mediaplazza.com us.sitestat.com
eega.hit.gemius.pl rr1.xxxcounter.com phorm.com.es objects.abcvisiteurs.com
gcirm.centralohio.com programresolver.net www.xg4ken.com c2.xxxcounter.com
rightmoveit.co.uk c1.xxxcounter.com ifa.tnaflixlive.com search.etargetnet.com
ifa.streamateaccess.com www.streamate.com streamate.com w00tpublishers.wootmedia.net
load.sumome.com as.gostats.com adserve.donanimhaber.com ireklama.cz
download.cdn.torchbrowser.com go.idnes.bbelements.com www.standardinternet.com
img.cqcounter.com adnxs.revsci.net www.linkreferral.com textad.passionsearch.com
om.dowjoneson.com media.trafficjunky.net teenrevenue.com slashphone.us.intellitxt.com
starctic.org www.wwwfel.org.ng go.oclaserver.com jabu.popunder.ru phorm.nom.es
click2freemoney.com cc-dt.com wms-na.amazon-adsystem.com pixelcounter.marca.com
online-forex.hut1.ru www.mytraf.info dirtyrhino.com www.theuniquesearch.com
tigershark.adultadworld.com mgoanow.112.2o7.net wba.wirtschaftsblatt.at
broadcaster.streamate.com scripts.demandbase.com chgsupereight.112.2o7.net
ua-content.adriver.ru ads4.speedbit.com adsrv.news.com.au imp.clickability.com
luckytds.ru s19.cnzz.com g-protv.count.brat-online.ro www.adshost2.com hit-parade.com
cnetnews.112.2o7.net adsys.insert.bg 1559.stats.misstrends.com images.webads.nl
tapestry.tapad.com damxx.com aoltmz.122.2o7.net vis5.sexlist.com refer100.outster.com
match.rundsp.com cv.apprupt.com tradefx.advertserve.com geo.connexionsecure.com
ads-rm.looksmart.com in.bubblestat.com safari-critical-alert.com
media.ontarionorth.com clit120.outster.com flamingowrestling4.com
electronics-rewardpath.com www.advaliant.com ad1.emediate.dk adsbookie.com
www.rkdms.com a.idio.co memberservicesinc.122.2o7.net www.qksz.net cdn.nsimg.net
demoq.use-trade.com 123count.com stream1.livefyre.com yllix.com
tube8vidsvmr.ddns.name www.3animalsex.com njmvc.112.2o7.net images.888.com
www.contaxe.com trvlnet.adbureau.net www.naiadsystems.com www.apponic.com
xbs.pao.mtree.com kamasutra.popunder.ru wg-gesucht.de.intellitxt.com
u3608.20.spylog.com bookofkisl.com the-gadgeteer.us.intellitxt.com srv.juiceadv.com
gspro.hit.gemius.pl buy-vicodin.hut1.ru mt103.mtree.com www.bannergratis.it
mt58.mtree.com mt37.mtree.com adserver1.adtech.com.tr mt34.mtree.com a.boom.ro
www.pythonpays.com bellca.112.2o7.net wirelessforumsorg.skimlinks.com www.chemgas.com
partner.alerts.aol.com mt4.mtree.com adserve.podaddies.com tube8.celogera.com
cosmetice-farduri.ro rivwbox.de barilliance.net mt2.mtree.com mt1.mtree.com count.im
herpes.1.p2l.info www.top100lists.ca ifa.maxpornlive.com apis.sharethrough.com
cdn.promo.pimproll.com trackalyzer.com cantire.122.2o7.net adtotal.pl
www.speedboink.com rtb-csync.smartadserver.com pixel3.about.com home.about.com
metrics.lexus.com clients.tbo.com clicks.about.com entrepreneur.us.intellitxt.com
outkastsgaming.com download.torchbrowser.com webtrendslive.com
hoopsworld.us.intellitxt.com matchbin-assets.s3.amazonaws.com foxsimpsons.112.2o7.net
www.plasmatv4free.com kona29.kontera.com dc.kontera.com ds.keshet-i.com
srv.bidvertiser.com qwebirc.swiftirc.net hitslap.com etracker.de gamelights.ru
news4cars.com g.thinktarget.com www.top100.ro www.getmyfreegear.com
img.revcontent.com www.fatpenguinmedia.com dm.demdex.net nc2199.eden5.netclusive.de
data4.perf.overture.com www.sinera.org ztrack.net www.yourfuckbook.com blenz-me.net
seal.validatedsite.com natgeoeditcom.112.2o7.net discoverecommerce.tt.omtrdc.net
c.securepaths.com adsrevenue.net affiliate.irotracker.com nsclick.baidu.com
pub43.bravenet.com diapi.webgains.com www.ranking.com www.spiderbait.com
gcirm.burlingtonfreepress.com bannercommunity.de c1950.ic-live.com marchex.com
yasmin.4.p2l.info www.adultadbroker.com us.y1.yimg.com t.signauxdeux.com
rome.specificclick.net ivwboxes.de tags.crwdcntrl.net counter28.bravenet.com
www.internetsecurity.com internetsecurity.com srv.adengage.com toy-offer.net
bestsearch.com theglobeandmail.us.intellitxt.com www.7metasearch.com 77search.com
softonic-analytics.net geeks.ivwbox.de meta.7search.com rawoo.barginginfrance.net
count48.51yes.com mbox4e.offermatica.com forex-trade.hut1.ru cdn.brcdn.com
www1.multipops.com s.shopify.com count33.51yes.com snagajob.122.2o7.net
count30.51yes.com torr-d.torrpedoads.net images.axill.in chocoservices.ru
ak-gb.marketgid.com dynads.adextent.com www.affiliatesuccess.net www.ineedhits.com
media.hauptbruch.de www1.iwon.com c8.zedo.com a02.korrelate.net media.ads.gfsrv.net
optimized-by.rubiconproject.com www.andyhoppe.com www6.ns1.name metrics.toyota.com
fioricet.3.p2l.info xp.classifieds1000.com 3.cennter.com www.incentive-scene.com
100webads.com londonleatherusa.com m6.de.2mdn.net tribalfusion.speedera.net
track.pubmatic.com s.ad132m.com videos.dskjkiuw.com iframes.perfectgonzo.com
w97.am15.net secure.insightexpressai.com ridepush.com anxiety.1.p2l.info
luckytidy.info track.futureshop.ca js.users.51.la cshacks.partycat.us
softads.50webs.com click.html.it flx367.lporirxe.com adx.timesdaily.com adstat.4u.pl
rallye-de-fourmies.com adfiles.o2.pl.sds.o2.pl www.traffichaus.com
metric.modcloth.com gravitron.chron.com js.ru.redtram.com www.3deepspace.com
www.rovion.com ard.sexplaycam.com ehg.fedex.com walmartcom.112.2o7.net
counter41.bravenet.com om.cbsi.com xanax-store.shengen.ru pselr.buyyourbtc.com
1262.hittail.com pr.20min.es gcirm.dnj.com option9.adultfriendfinder.com
domainplayersclub.com 123-tracker.com tags.hypeads.org laredoute.solution.weborama.fr
gwa.lphbs.com www.123banners.com 1bg.net fin.adbureau.net
www.gratis-counter-gratis.de chat.888.com tracksy.com 0427d7.se ivwebox.de
bannerimages.0catch.com ace.adoftheyear.com te.latimes.com sdc.prudential.com
safenyplanet.in www.zapunited.com westwickfarrow.122.2o7.net personalcare-offer.com
a.ads99.cn oix-rubyem.net zanox-affiliate.de www.zctei.com adds1.trafflow.com
fastcounter.linkexchange.nl v.admob.com static.zanox.com spiegel.ivwbox.de
ddd.gouwuke.cn media.exchange-it.com hackerz.ir free-crochet-pattern.com
advertising.ezanga.com www.imrworldwide.com c.cnzz.com oo-na-na-pics.com
as.casalemedia.com dmp.theadex.com desb.mspaceads.com smarttrade.allyes.com
www.secretosx.com c.es.msn.com as.autoforums.com cx6n.akovikisk.info
stat.madbanner.ru morehitserver.com partygamingglobal.122.2o7.net
www.cordonnerie-fb.fr js.ua.redtram.com media.netrefer.com citrix.tradedoubler.com
w34.am15.net ivox.socratos.net refer.ccbill.com analxxxclipsyjh.dnset.com
counterbot.com advert.ru.redtram.com sixsigmatraffic.com ad2play.ftv-publicite.fr
pub17.bravenet.com oasis.411affiliates.ca citymediamagazin.hu cs.montrealplus.ca
ads-v-darwin.hulu.com s109.cnzz.com cdn.revcontent.com vml1.s3.amazonaws.com
www.ivwb9x.de ifa.camads.net images.cnomy.com m57ku6sm.com storgas.co.rs
www.topcasino10.com software-wenc.co.cc dclk.themarker.com down.feiyang163.com
ip-182-50-129-164.ip.secureserver.net widget-cdn.rpxnow.com protection.lrpolice.com
teenboobstube.com www.gliamicidellunicef.it t.afftrackr.com br.adserver.yahoo.com
www8.glam.com www.gatoradvertisinginformationnetwork.com service1.adten.de
banex.search.bg xml.overture.com adtext.pl linkprice.com cdn.iasrv.com
www.froling.bee.pl b130.takru.com mktg-offer.com euroad1.advantage.as www.adtraff.ru
tools.ztod.com viewerstats.docstoc.com.s3.amazonaws.com ei.rlcdn.com adtradr.com
medicinenetcollect.247realmedia.com cdn.listrakbi.com advancetec.co.uk
www.heimlich-gefilmt.cxa.de ads2.zamunda.net es.gmads.net xml.umaxfeed.com
www.global-acces.com wmg.112.2o7.net c7.ic-live.com fwxyd.ru
evilbeetgossip.us.intellitxt.com adservicedomain.info c1.gostats.com
stage.traffiliate.com ad-us-east-1.pxlad.io fusion.adtoma.com v2.adsbookie.com
malest.com toy-offer.com m4.it.2mdn.net ip-api.com images.steamray.com
adserv.usps.com content.adriver.ru www.rivwbox.de img.adplan-ds.com
ox-d.gamerpublishing.com www.asianread.com go.cz.bbelements.com marketing.888.com
nj-com.c.richmetrics.com conversion.7search.com nugly.barginginfrance.net
www.getsearchlist.com pestguard-india.com ua.adocean.pl eps-analyzer.de
www.ivwhbox.de www.biz-offer.com c.pocitadlo.sk ska.energia.cz sk.hit.gemius.pl
ts.smowtion.com dis.criteo.com t.mdn2015x2.com www.holiday-gift-offers.com
freefblikes.phpnet.us pop.adrent.net ads8.com www.obanner.net www.adperium.com
www.mediatraffic.com codice.shinystat.it ab.adpro.com.ua error.000webhost.com
www.reversecontext.com engine.carbonads.com impdk.tradedoubler.com view.admission.net
www.galileounaluna.com www.otsserver.com img.admaster.net adservices.picadmedia.com
www.easy-dating.org tas-mk.toboads.com partnerearning.com cache.daredorm.com
didtal.com diff4.smartadserver.com r2d2.adman.gr nutnet.ir ads14.bpath.com
tracking.conversionads.com axp.zedo.com sc-forbes.forbes.com ads-a-darwin.hulu.com
ox-d.xosdigital.com affimg.pop6.com map2.adsniper.ru cdn2.ads.datinggold.com
arnoldlaneservice.co.uk 1fr.cqcounter.com ox.invia.cz hosting.adjug.com ad2.peel.com
best-top.ro cdn.at.atwola.com t.invitemedia.com 4.whereinliguria.com
adfarm1.adition.com affiliates.digitalriver.com nvdrabs.ru a1.admaster.net
feed.trafflow.com berldk.nuggad.net www.canalstat.com eb.prout.be openx.adtext.ro
hst-19-33.splius.lt cm.shareaholic.com straightresults.com s47.cnzz.com
www.adultdvdhits.com easyadvertonline.com www.hit.tc ukonline.hc0.me
online-personals.petrovka.info adsintl.starwave.com stream1.marketwatch.fyre.co
ip193.cn adrequisitor-af.lp.uol.com.br js.matheranalytics.com cdn6.emediate.eu
a.komoona.com s.btstatic.com zataz.fr.intellitxt.com
www.adserver-espnet.sportszone.net www.ad-clix.com cdn.krxd.net
partnerfeed.itsfogo.com mb.datingadzone.com adthis.com a.law.com
neoseeker.us.intellitxt.com adforce.ru tracker.marinsm.com ctv.us.intellitxt.com
c.adfirmative.com ac.atpanel.com adultdatingtest.worlddatingforum.com s.visilabs.com
files.gas-split.com www.webspectator.com relay.mobile.toboads.com pixel.sojern.com
observer.advertserve.com charmedno1.com c2.outster.com somethingnice.hc0.me
wuesties.heimat.eu eas.apm.emediate.eu wy.5.p2l.info online-casino.shengen.ru
static.charlottewinner.com mii-image.adjuggler.com w5.extreme-dm.com www.adclick.lv
viagra.4.p2l.info igroo.barginginfrance.net a.kickass.to
promo.webmasterprofitcenter.com affiliate.adgtracker.com www.furnitureulimited.com
aintdoinshit.com tw1.adbutler.us www.gewinnspiele-slotmachine.de geo.ziffdavis.com
adv.p2pbg.com www5.burstnet.com sympmsnmusic.112.2o7.net clickcdn.shareaholic.com
fuck.org www.adbutler.de hzs8.cnzz.com server16.opentracker.net
eu-px.steelhousemedia.com te.sunspot.net marriottinternationa.tt.omtrdc.net
www.youaresogay.com s1184.t.eloqua.com o-oe.com static.hatid.com www.adbanner.ro
movies.701pages.com banner-d.oddcast.com a15172379.alturo-server.de k.h.a.d.free.fr
aa.online-metrix.net crd1.bannerbank.ru car-stuff.us.intellitxt.com bidtraffic.com
t.neodatagroup.com m6.es.2mdn.net dart.chron.com rotator.hadj7.adjuggler.net
allerinternett.tns-cs.net www.adsurve.com tracking.listhub.net core.ad20.net
grafix.xxxcounter.com www.promobenef.com cdn.springboard.gorillanation.com
tag1.webabacus.com track.acclaimnetwork.com www.trafic.ro scaner-tfeed.tk
3xtraffic.com bimg.abv.bg b.rad.live.com www.eyeblaster-bs.com adv.abv.bg a.abv.bg
mahindrainsurance.com www.casinotropez.com blitzbg.adocean.pl gtcc1.acecounter.com
bn-01.adtomafusion.com www.originalicons.com stats2.one.ru aolshred.122.2o7.net
famut.com yumekin.com www.thedatesafe.com dt.scanscout.com s.ad128m.com l.betrad.com
yougube.com tacoda.at.atwola.com pool.persgroep.adhese.com theforce.us.intellitxt.com
cialis.4.p2l.info www.pointroll.com w74.am15.net top.gde.ru ww251.smartadserver.com
rmd.atdmt.com logs.sexy-parade.com cbanners.virtuagirlhd.com lesview.com
dyntraq.mtree.com static.addynamo.net ydshttas.climat.ws 28305.hittail.com
hostdomainpeopleca.112.2o7.net y6aoj.akovikisk.net classicallyabsurdphotography.com
rmads.msn.com static.awempire.com clickz.com softwareupdaterlp.com ewstv.abc15.com
50websads.com te.scripps.com std1.hit.gemius.pl www.registryfix.com
xotsa.frenchgerlemanelectric.com aka.accortech.com liftdna.com homehre.bravehost.com
espresso-reklam.eu interactive.forthnet.gr s4.hit.stat24.com adserving03.epi.es
fast.dm.demdex.net www.youho.com newstoob.us.intellitxt.com www.vw-freaks.net
hzs13.cnzz.com web3.realtracker.com bt.phorm.com s20.cnzz.com
oglasnikadhr.hit.gemius.pl prsitecheck.com www.vinyljazzrecords.com alt.webtraxs.com
www.usaenterprise.com music.ign.us.intellitxt.com www.phonejapan.com skgroup.kiev.ua
bridge.sf.admarketplace.net adocean-pl.hit.gemius.pl one.cam4ads.com a-ads.com
magnetic.t.domdex.com docs1.iwon.com pivwbox.de yivwbox.de cpalead.com
te.dentonrc.com www.two-of-us.at k.iinfo.cz withleather.us.intellitxt.com
ctvcrimelibrary.112.2o7.net st.directadvert.ru anomaly.realgravity.com
au052.insightexpress.com www.tradingdirects.co.uk prod-d.openx.com adimages.mp3.com
rm.myoc.com infomart.ca.112.2o7.net testcomplex.ru 101com.com
cn.ecritel.bench.cedexis.com interyield.td553.com www.t-sb.net c.baidu.com
www.hitstats.co.uk www.screen-mates.com textad.manplay.com beacon.walmart.com
www.t-gas.co.uk ww129.smartadserver.com otracking.com www.indiads.com
v2.revcontent.com metrics.sfr.fr cnad.economicoutlook.net cdn1.smartadserver.com
gcirm.honoluluadvertiser.gcion.com e.admob.com metacafe.122.2o7.net pics.yad2.co.il
lightspeedcash.com www.seal-technicsag.ch ns2.oix.com stats2.omg.com.au
www.sailing3.com ads1.admedia.ro www.jouwstats.nl buyinfo-centreqcv.tk suscotrk.com
trk.newtention.net rmcdn.2mdn.net dzl.baidu.com one.ru www.studiochiarelli.eu
s131.cnzz.com adelogs.adobe.com www.qstopuniversitiesguide.com feed.peakclick.com
ua.cnt.gemius.pl static.ard.xxxblackbook.com regflow.com securedliveuploads.com
cdn.tradelab.fr www.oxinads.com advicepl.adocean.pl www.hentaitoonami.com
metric.infoworld.com pix3.esm1.net oasc17.247realmedia.com roosevelt.gjbig.com
mngimng.112.2o7.net macgamefiles.us.intellitxt.com scrooge.wnbc.com text.burstnet.com
www7.ygto.com freedownloadcenter.uk.intellitxt.com www.adworkmedia.com boom.ro
kz.js.need2find.com heute.ivwbox.de www.jivox.com www.iwantmygiftcard.com
www.professionalblackbook.com ads2.smowtion.com gcounter.hosting4u.net
www.plantes-sauvages.fr pontuall.com.br sdc.shawinc.com images.top66.ro
www.parfumer.by geoiplookup.wikimedia.org www.hitscreamer.com metrics.health.com
logo.onlinewebstat.com y3.analytics.yahoo.com www.worldata.com resources.kiosked.com
cdn.banner.thumbplay.com tcadops.ca fast.adobe.demdex.net www.mrpeter.it
www.motivacionyrelajacion.com counter37.bravenet.com visitbox.de s2150.t.eloqua.com
feed-rt.baronsoffers.com www.game-advertising-online.com sdscdn.userreport.com
tste.mcclatchyinteractive.com adimg1.chosun.com jf.revolvermaps.com www.minka.co.uk
www.milardi.it tracking.metalyzer.com vast.optimatic.com openx.vizzia.bg
ssl.siteimprove.com www.ukbanners.com clkoffers.com click.adv.livedoor.com
html.atm.youku.com techreview.112.2o7.net sudcom.org ngbn.net laxtrb.112.2o7.net
www.clickbank.com butalbital-apap.1.p2l.info www.lccl.org.uk ivwvbox.de
www.glxgroup.com partner.sbaffiliates.com imp.affiliator.com
banners2.ero-advertising.com stealthedeal.com a.ads2.msn.com cdn.atwola.com
www.intaii.com mig.nexac.com g-pixel.invitemedia.com www.image-werbebedarf.de
housedman.com hk.adserver.yahoo.com www.hoteldelamer-tregastel.com ds.bluecava.com
adserv.aip.org log999.goo.ne.jp www.gameangel.com zangocash.com
www.cyber-incentives.com rtbproxy.mgid.com www.casino-on-net.com
costargroup.112.2o7.net www.bannermanagement.nl www.pixelpmm.info www.friend-card.com
create.leadid.com howler.shareaholic.com pixel.newscred.com electronics-offer.net
rezrezwhistler.112.2o7.net affiliate-fr.com toyotamotorcorporation.122.2o7.net
www.emrlogistics.com www.thinktarget.com www.emotiontag.net arcade.ya.com
analytics.tout.com run.admost.com abo.prismamediadigital.com antalya-eticaret.com
data.de.coremetrics.com ambulanciaslazaro.com www.email-login-support.com
downloads.larivieracasino.com www.mywebsearch.com geoip.cleveland.com
www.archigate.it dls.nicdls.com content.pulse360.com bracewellfamily.com c3.zedo.com
topbrandrewards.com www.cbproads.com www.dream-squad.com www.ttnet.yandex.com.tr
www.purplehorses.net www.drivelinemedia.com forex-affiliate.net m2.nz.2mdn.net
www.doctor-alex.com netshelter.adtrix.com tracker.clicktrade.com www.thetop10.com
soma-store.visa-usa.ru engine.adclick.lv ism6.emediate.eu omniture.shopstyle.com
as.sexad.net s30.cnzz.com uk4.hit.stat24.com adx.bixee.com iwgtest.co.uk
search.mediatarget.com counter47.bravenet.com cacl.fr gntbcstwkyc.112.2o7.net
a.rmgserving.com static.ifa.empflixlive.com piwik.jccm.es chemgas.com
images.indiads.com anshrit.com 2912a.v.fwmrm.net topsir.com t6.trackalyzer.com
d.xp1.ru4.com rewardblvd.com hostdomainpeople.112.2o7.net patrickhickey.eu
track.netshelter.net juicyceleb.us.intellitxt.com www.blueimagen.com wwivwbox.de
contextweb.com publish.webmasterbond.com 2.s09.flagcounter.com www.myclickbankads.com
r.clickdensity.com o2adpl.hit.gemius.pl annonser.dagbladet.no data.mobclix.com
adunit.namiflow.com www.frosinonewesternshow.it www.avidnewmedia.it
606.stats.misstrends.com www.asu.msmu.ru www.assculturaleincontri.it
cnhijoplinglobe.122.2o7.net applicationstat.com zkic.com roitrack.cptgt.com
widgets.amung.us dnps.us.intellitxt.com fe3-au.imrworldwide.com
washingtontimes.us.intellitxt.com 1us.cqcounter.com c.as-us.falkag.net
www.anticarredodolomiti.com br.naked.com cm.npc-hearst.overture.com www.ivwnbox.de
hits.netgeography.net img7.adspirit.de glean.pop6.com wwtdd.us.intellitxt.com
mserv1.realmedia.com addirector.vindicosuite.com www.adesse-anwaltskanzlei.de
ec.atdmt.com pool.ads.netlog.com contextual.media.net collector-184.tvsquared.com
be.adserver.yahoo.com wv-law.com adserv.entriq.net itc.2081.blueseek.com
kithrup.matchlogic.com adlev.neodatagroup.com loader.topadvert.ru lookup.bluecava.com
premiumtv.122.2o7.net rhtag.com fimserve.myspace.com www.totalfax.net
top-ru.mconet.biz soccergaming.us.intellitxt.com ums.adtechus.com
download.ytdownloader.com onet.hit.gemius.pl wp9.ru www.specialonlinegifts.com
data2.gosquared.com bbc.ivwbox.de counter45.bravenet.com gpaper171.112.2o7.net
ama-alliance.com theregister.uk.intellitxt.com knc.lv track.make-a-site.net
dimsnetwork.com html.centralmediaserver.com windows-defender.con.sh
makemeheal.us.intellitxt.com oasc03049.247realmedia.com asanixcorp.com
analytics-api-samples.googlecode.com phorm.hk www.williamhill.es dowelsobject.com
h.waudit.cz adpost.com wfoto.front.ru scaner-sdee.tk adman.gr
secure-jp.imrworldwide.com script.banstex.com adsentnetwork.com adsweb.tiscali.it
miespaciopilates.com highflyingfood.com script.opentracker.net site.falconbucks.com
www.soongu.info www.toshare.kr nmmodesto.112.2o7.net www.1quickclickrx.com
weare21c.com 4.e-why.net www.mylovecards.com download207.mediafire.com msgtag.com
redir.juicyads.com tr.affiliate.hu ads5.fxdepo.com analytics.clickdimensions.com
wahyufian.zoomshare.com trafficgrowth.com phpadsnew.gamefolk.de www.advancesrl.eu
metrics.peacocks.co.uk s04.flagcounter.com www.ultimatetopsites.com
rainbow-de.mythings.com themanroom.us.intellitxt.com adnet.hit.gemius.pl
tools.pacinocash.com cdn1.xlightmedia.com count14.51yes.com www.ivbwbox.de
assets.kixer.com vroll.net ucounter.ucoz.net t.admob.com www.xyztraffic.com
fast.sears.demdex.net laineygossip.us.intellitxt.com vocational-training.us
tube8vidsbhy.dnset.com interia.nuggad.net advertising.bbcworldwide.com sdc.dtag.com
webtrends.besite.be p.adframesrc.com pixels.mentad.com topmmorpgsites.com
voawo.buyyourbtc.com tracking.ukwm.co.uk qrcdownload.ibcustomerzone.com
www.thesparkmachine.com adhr.hit.gemius.pl ads3.advance.net afe2.specificclick.net
www.ivwboxw.de vivaweb.org www.restore-pc.com trafficz.com vitamasaz.pl
data.adsrvr.org www.freewebsites.com adj27.thruport.com b.thanksearch.com
inl.adbureau.net yieldads.com vipdn123.blackapplehost.com kuglu.mymag250.co.uk
insert.gloadmarket.com virtualbartendertrack.beer.com tmscdn.de.coremetrics.com
ads03.redtube.com flash4promo.ru www.trustgauge.com ehg-moma.hitbox.com.112.2o7.net
vicklovesmila.com nmminneapolis.112.2o7.net rt.liftdna.com www8.ns01.us
wykop.hit.gemius.pl www.admarket.cz eddamedia.linkpulse.com static.4chan-ads.org
affiliates.jlist.com imgn.dt00.net ia.5.p2l.info books-media-edu-premiumblvd.com
img.blesk.cz phoaz.cruisingsmallship.com www.geoplugin.net 19533.hittail.com
utopia-muenchen.de wb.interpolls.com pops.velmedia.net
universityherald.us.intellitxt.com adserver1.backbeatmedia.com hitexchange.net
www.toochattoo.com uploads.tmweb.ru egwkoa.xyz trc.taboolasyndication.com
img.en25.com laola.ivwbox.de affiliates.globat.com
 rogde.adocean.pl stat007.mylivepage.com
160.mbn.com.ua mm1.vip.sc1.admob.com js.v1.de.euserv.adaos-ads.net www.adrotate.net
ads1.virtual-nights.com kissmetrics.com unlim-app.tk aolturnersi.122.2o7.net
dwclick.com avantlink.com edge.bnmla.com ukugl.tourstogo.us ipl.hk www.zipitfast.com
ih2.gamecopyworld.com tube8vidszyj.ddns.name www.poffet.net analytics.vast.com
db6.net-filter.com crwdcntrl.net analytics.kwebsoft.com
delivery.platform.switchads.com jgen12.cjt1.net c.go-mpulse.net morenews3.net
extractorandburner.com metric.rent.com tube8vidszmi.ddns.name www.2girls1finger.org
adservices.google.com yahooads.valuead.com christianbusinessadvertising.com
m.fr.a2dfp.net cotidianul.count.brat-online.ro saxowenworld.122.2o7.net
ads1.performancingads.com cbx.net pub.sapo.pt sdc.sanofi-aventis.us media-servers.net
www.cellularbeton.it gylra.cruisingsmallship.com safety.amw.com fastsearchproduct.com
redemptionengine.com tie.iprom.net www.crispads.com adult.master-tv.net
banery.netart.pl onset.freedom.com pi.pardot.com posed2shade.com
tube8vidsymz.dnset.com popcounter.com naiadsystems.com tgpmanager.com
internalads.gammae.com diaryofagameaddict.com mediaplex.com tube8vidsxwu.ddns.name
tube8vidsxmx.dnset.com adnext.fr m8.es.2mdn.net rd.advertising.com m1.no.2mdn.net
tube8vidstrh.dnset.com m6.se.2mdn.net computerbase.de.intellitxt.com
ads5.virtumundo.com www.hotel-guadeloupe.info noveltyweb.ru atspace.de.intellitxt.com
g1.idg.pl babos.scrapping.cc adx.adosx.com oss-content.securestudies.com
www.specificmedia.com autospies.us.intellitxt.com ivwbo0x.de zemgo.com
vast.tubemogul.com click.am1.adm.cnzz.net analyticsv2.dol.gr www.novemberrainx.com
worldnowboston.112.2o7.net cdn.mediative.ca wiki.pinion.gg rentfromart.com
forbesautos.112.2o7.net web.unltd.info www.helpmedownload.com www.bannerbackup.com
static.publish2.com pcbutts1.software.informer.com affiliate.affdirect.com
planetout.122.2o7.net ambien.1.p2l.info csc.beap.ad.yieldmanager.net
www.trustedbestsites.com regdfh.info code.visitor-track.com
countryweekly.us.intellitxt.com luckpacking.net adprojekt.pl res.adplus.co.id
stat.pchome.net www.counter-gratis.com thebizmeet.com tube8vidslqk.ddns.name
tracking1.euroads.no activex.adobe.flash.player.update.number61.com
saxoeverett.122.2o7.net tube8vidslni.dnset.com tube8vidsjhn.ddns.name addealing.com
pos-kupang.com themexp.ezthemes.com cpx.v1.de.euserv.adm.adaos-ads.net c.hit.ua
s18.sitemeter.com free-cameraonline.tk counter42.bravenet.com
settings.luckyorange.net imeem.112.2o7.net phorm.info.tr get.lingospot.com
mass-traffic.com adshufffle.com freelaptopreward.com amu.twobox4addon.info
akirkpatrick.com newads.cmpnet.com se.monetate.net undefined.it dr.soso.com
adsatt.go.starwave.com binsservicesonline.info 4133.88.primosearch.com
images.blogads.com www.rankyou.com ivwb9x.de tube8vidsbzx.dnset.com
aumocarsbelowinvoice.112.2o7.net dx.steelhousemedia.com e.adpower.bg
content.thewheelof.com xponsor.com online-viagra.petrovka.info adv.bol.bg
mtldesigns.ca 123greetings.com freegiftreward.com trehomanyself.com www.clixtrac.com
bank12.ads.dt.mydas.mobi traspalaciorubicell.whygibraltar.co.uk p13178.adskape.ru
www.wysistat.com track.customer.io tranti.ru js.admngr.com annuaire-autosurf.com
httpool.nuggad.net herbiguide.com.au seoholding.com
 xxx.cqcounter.com adscontent2.indiatimes.com
neteco.fr.intellitxt.com advertising.aol.com demogwa.casino-on-net.com
track.cellphoneupdated.com documents-signature.com seacoastonlinecom.112.2o7.net
fff.dailymail.co.uk www.adultvalleycash.com m3.jp.2mdn.net sync.mathtag.com
3animalsex.com meatspin.com ipro.com image-png.us fr.2.cqcounter.com
www.yourdvdplayer.com dawnframing.com xpantivirus.com i-clicks.net anapixel.marca.com
ipad2free4u.com invite.insightexpress.com helesouurusa.cjb.com
tomalinoalambres.com.ar timothycopus.aimoo.com mythesisspace.com
go.ihned.bbelements.com c.total-media.net www.ad.twitchguru.com
multimedia-projector.katrina.ru scripts.webspectator.com thewinesteward.com
manoske.com sslt.tellapart.com srv.clickfuse.com mtrcs.redhat.com
ssl-sl-retargeting.adsonar.com gamesites200.com nfl.sp1.convertro.com banstex.com
mgtbopanels.112.2o7.net www.oxiads.fr adserver3.eudora.com
technauticmarinewindows.co.uk somnoy.com acuityplatform.com rainbow-sg.mythings.com
gourmetpuma.com teamtalker.net getacool500.com toolbarcool.biz
buy-phentermine.polybuild.ru www.hitpro.us svision-online.de cordo-55.com
flamingowrestling3.com sync.atomex.net yellowcameras.wanroymotors.com om.sfgate.com
thestreet.us.intellitxt.com s3.buysellads.com www.iyvwbox.de greatarcadehits.com
stockinter.intersport.es bnkr8dev.112.2o7.net kreotceonite.com om.neimanmarcus.com
www.pathforpoints.com layers.spacash.com events.boomtrain.com ad1.hotel.com
halleberrynude.ca.tt web.vindicosuite.com downloads-finereader.ru
tube8vidsyip.ddns.name inklineglobal.com folkd.put.omnimon.de catrg.peer39.net
traffictraders.com stimul-m.com.ua banery.acr.pl cracks.vg
gjfastcompanycom.112.2o7.net www99.bounceme.net nautilus.tt.omtrdc.net
www.fasadobygg.com clicks.izea.com coupling-media.de cachebanner.tonygpoker.com
www.find-fast-answers.com www.ivwbod.de telkku.spring-tns.net bdv.bidvertiser.com
vmay.com mbox5.offermatica.com trendnews.com spekband.com spatsz.com
ws04.home.sapo.pt adserve.kikizo.com 106242.hittail.com tube8vidsiet.ddns.name
hollywoodchicago.us.intellitxt.com aspirin.about-tabs.com bilbaopisos.es
metrics.vividseats.com optimize.indieclick.com take-screenshot.us a.cctv.com
ww392.smartadserver.com dx9.haote.com www.turkeyrank.com www.jscount.com
metrics.frontlineshop.com idontlikeyouinthatway.us.intellitxt.com smschat.alfabeta.al
 smrcek.com oix5.net vlog.leadformix.com
msntrademarketing.112.2o7.net reedbusiness.com liveperson.net
new.chokertraffic.com www.ypu.edu.tw wt10.haote.com ad5.liverail.com
www.letssearch.com www.avrakougioumtzi.gr ad7.gueb.com aolnsnews.122.2o7.net
yahoo.nuggad.net www.maxbounty.com mlbglobal08.112.2o7.net
mswindowswolglobal.112.2o7.net creative.adshuffle.com ad0.bigmir.net sourmath.com
2ab7f.v.fwmrm.net www.saemark.is www.adshost1.com ts.istrack.com www.getstatistics.se
ubike.tourstogo.us quinst.com ads6.kompasads.com www.brainfox.com
bimonline.insites.be m1.nl.2mdn.net rotator.adxite.com
citicorpcreditservic.tt.omtrdc.net cz.bbelements.com webmaster.worldsex.com
gogetgorgeous.com cmap.rub.ace.advertising.com admedien.com
myyearbookdigital.checkm8.com gtp16.acecounter.com thinkdigitaladro.hit.gemius.pl
om.blockbuster.com searchtoexplore.com www.shc-rebates.com id.theroot.com
images.conduit-banners.com www.s2d6.com firstlightera.com opensoftwareupdate.com
travelncs.com m9.dk.2mdn.net w63.am15.net 602.stats.misstrends.com www.sj88.com
w1.extreme-dm.com srv.carbonads.net 1se.cqcounter.com adimg.cnet.com ads1.nexdra.com
affiliace.directtrack.com web2.harris-pub.com cdn.atlassbx.com b140.takru.com
w22.am15.net google.tucows.com adspace.img.4tube.com adap.tv engine.adspynet.com
media.adrime.com exclusiotv.be target.net.finam.ru ambien.ourtablets.com
traffic.prod.cobaltgroup.com www.trafficrank.de www.paycounter.com www2.adhost.com
cdn.cxense.com cdn.vdopia.com z.blogads.com www.ivwbox1.de www.2001-007.com
app.medyanetads.com nuseek.com inringtone.com becl23.b2.gns.co.il
cbcnewmedia.112.2o7.net load.passionfruitads.com rr1.outster.com j.clickdensity.com
www.adtrade.net amazinggreentechshop.com xanax-online.sms2.us brittlefilet.com
2spyware.us.intellitxt.com mob.adwhirl.com cswilliamsburg.com www.sylacauga.net
b.mouseflow.com www.ebaybanner.com cnad6.economicoutlook.net exchange.adswizz.com
sohh.us.intellitxt.com x8x.dyndns.dk www.slayerlife.com buy-valium.este.ru
c.cnstats.ru eecky.butlerelectricsupply.com 8b3439.r.axf8.net job-companybuild.tk
uts-api.at.atwola.com ac.ybinst0.ec.yimg.com adserve.ehpub.com
edge.aperture.displaymarketplace.com www.etracker.de pr-cy.ru
msnlivefavorites.112.2o7.net www.toy-offer.com sofac.info
poker-games.e-online-poker-4u.net my.adocean.pl intaii.com oasis.realbeer.com
cdn.assets.craveonline.com cpacampaigns.directtrack.com freegiftcardsource.com
ads3.condenast.co.uk n.admob.com www.learning-offer.com www.freepornsubmits.com
metrics.bitdefender.com vickielynnsgifts.com sre.zemanta.com
nikefootballglobal.112.2o7.net predictad.com www.torntv-downloader-dl.info
fragmentserv.iac-online.de aj.ientry.net metrics.rottentomatoes.com trk.vidible.tv
ip.spacash.com www.ivwbox5.de adsharenetwork.com nailbytes1.com guannan.3322.net
static.adclick.lv rupor.info dist.belnk.com hitwebcounter.com m.adbridge.de
itcg3.c5369.blueseek.com d.buyescorttraffic.com s.ato.mx pegasus.nuggad.net
rubytag.net tracking.tomsguide.com ad2.hotels.com stat.56.com
servedby.orn-adserver.nl partner.loveplanet.ru park.parkingpanel.com
canoe.112.2o7.net simpi.tourstogo.us serv.ad-rotator.com cache.directorym.com
textsex.tk richmails.com www.coloritpak.by www.yrals.com js8.clickzs.com
srv3.wa.marketingsolutions.yahoo.com eatps.web.aol.com
faceboook-replyei0ki.montadalitihad.com www.adserver.com gamk.hit.gemius.pl
silkmore.staffs.sch.uk a.ftd.de scrooge.wesh.com f-nod2.adsniper.ru
data2.perf.overture.com warning-message.com 2df7e.v.fwmrm.net aolt.hit.gemius.pl
beacon.videoegg.com tidbitscom.skimlinks.com events.kalooga.com exsexytop.tk
track.idtargeting.com ms11.net ambien.3.p2l.info yield.audience.digitalmedia.bg
yodleeinc.tt.omtrdc.net tv-rightcelebrity.us.intellitxt.com podzemi.myotis.info
adsssl.smowtion.com te.tbo.com computerbild.de.intellitxt.com te.sfgate.com
alsoknowsit.com elew72isst.rr.nu instantmadness.com buy-phentermine-online.i-ltda.net
www.freelaptopwebsites.com nortonfire.co.uk www.myreferer.com www.meatspin.biz
new-softdriver.tk adimages.been.com argentijmts.it tags.extole.com arc3.msn.com
cv.bsvideos.com hoawy.frost-electric-supply.com metrics.cbc.ca jgedads.cjt.net
tap.rubiconproject.com www.freerestaurantprovider.com statto.plus8.net
www.leadpub.com s20.sitemeter.com insidemacgames.us.intellitxt.com err.lolipop.jp
www.emjcd.com wetjane.x10.mx deniserichards.1stok.com kestralgulf.com
anetno.tradedoubler.com www.coolconcepts.nl hardcorepornparty.com 85103.hittail.com
www.searchnet.com adan.xtendmedia.com tamilcm.com bg.static.etargetnet.com
rat-on-subway.mhwang.com petfooddirect.d1.sc.omtrdc.net affiliate.lattelecom.lv
www.rebeccacella.com utm.trk.popularscreensavers.com ivwbeox.de www.share-server.com
down.hit020.com xtainment.net leadaffiliates.com adjuggler.com www1.tudosearch.com
www.sitetagger.co.uk mediascale.de www.go-free-gifts.com semengineers.com
www.freeipoduk.co.uk stats3.clicktracks.com ogrir.buyyourbtc.com
tube8vidsotz.dnset.com tube8vidslmf.dnset.com com-morningstar.netmng.com bannert.ru
gazeta.adfox.ru paxito.sitetracker.com www.adjunky.com www.betcounter.com
www.spywarebegone.com www.vulcannonibird.de aollove.122.2o7.net www.bgbaner.com
mediabistrocom.112.2o7.net t3.trafiz.net www.fpctraffic2.com www.pornerbros.com
www.hot-product-hangout.com www.adtegrity.com prom.ecato.net metrics.autotrader.co.uk
viglink.com impnl.tradedoubler.com 1it.cqcounter.com hzs1.cnzz.com www.feyads.com
max.gunggo.com lead-123.com mobilewhack.us.intellitxt.com clicks.webnug.com
ceskarepublika.net www.copner.co.uk www.cw.nu tr.de.adlink.net
nmanchorage.112.2o7.net photobucket.adnxs.com s101.cnzz.com ads14.hyperbanner.net
go-quicky.com server15.opentracker.net www.wrestlingexposed.com demr.myspace.com
i.bigmir.net st.smartredirect.de www.countit.ch qqlogo.qq.com 7cnbcnews.com
www5.3-a.net adv.mangoadv.com techzine.nl.intellitxt.com images-cdn.azoogleads.com
profiling.avandor.com adlimg05.com www.xxxnightly.com a.oix.net
w612.nb.host127-0-0-1.com 2000greetings.com cdn.taboolasyndication.com xivwbox.de
sexyfemalewrestlingmovies.com adview.ppro.de flamingowrestling2.com ox-s.e-card.bg
www.webhits.de vitha.csheaven.com stat.su saturnleague.com
segment-pixel.invitemedia.com teameda.net o.techworld.com www.e-bannerx.com
adserver2.mindshare.de www.links-and-traffic.com keepaneyeadmk.hit.gemius.pl
adserve.shopzilla.com metrics.nissanusa.com futurepublications.uk.intellitxt.com
trafficg.com etargetnet.com secure.leadforensics.com pracuj.adocean.pl
www.seekbang.com js.affiliatelounge.com sh4sure-images.adbureau.net terrorinlanka.com
newtopdomains.net mustangevolution.us.intellitxt.com count5.51yes.com cgi.honesty.com
ws06.home.sapo.pt publicidad.adlead.com autoworldnews.us.intellitxt.com
 serw.clicksor.com munchkin.marketo.net
sonycorporate.122.2o7.net st1.hit.gemius.pl www.little-help.com tech.realmedia.co.kr
maxbounty.com k1s.nl cope.it eads-adserving.com engine.fl-ads.com
metrics.carphonewarehouse.com newjobs.d1.sc.omtrdc.net dg.specificclick.net
jdfabrication.com uk.cqcounter.com entrepreneur.122.2o7.net content.medialand.ru
www.axill.in top100.rambler.ru download.grandcloud.cn redir.overture.com
angts.112.2o7.net mediax.angloinfo.com incentaclick.com bannerexchange.cjb.net
adcodes.aim4media.com www.feiyang163.com kernelseagles.net tube8vidswys.ddns.name
tracker.leadenhancer.com media.pointroll.com loc1.hitsprocessor.com data.lizads.com
mt122.mtree.com p.addthis.com webstats.oanda.com www.sacredphoenix.com w82.am15.net
www.acquisizionevideo.com server-se.imrworldwide.com ns1.phorm.com
stats2.vanityfair.com famososvideo.com dirbg.hit.gemius.pl cdn1.clkrev.com
ncads.s3.amazonaws.com orbowlada.strefa.pl www.advertise.com
impressoras-cartoes.com.pt www.fotoidea.com faiyazahmed.com
insurancejournal.freestats.com ok.uk.intellitxt.com jgen21.cjt1.net cdn.yldbt.com
go.mobisla.com paid.outbrain.com linkforme.tk www.morefreecamsecrets.com www.ivwbx.de
bank02.ads.dt.mydas.mobi hnskorea.co.kr viamtvcom.112.2o7.net www.dblpmp.com
click-west.acuityplatform.com smartcontext.pl ox-d.buddytv.com www.pornobanner.com
m5.no.2mdn.net svetyivanrilski.com pagerank.net.au s.xp1.ru4.com 123go.com
exadu.mymag250.co.uk get.mycounter.com.ua cz8.clickzzs.nl static.pxlad.io
m1.jp.2mdn.net namso.butlerelectricsupply.com protection.pkpolice.com isralink.net
promos.naked.com web-domain.tk enlistingseparated.com smp.adviva.net
shared.research-int.se www.tiergestuetzt.de bms.sportal.ru ad-rotator.com tubgirl.me
hydraulicpowerpack.com yrkeve.112.2o7.net bellserviceeng.112.2o7.net top.oewabox.at
www.profitzone.com expedia1.112.2o7.net tube8vidsrdr.dnset.com
comadverts.bcmpweb.co.nz titan.advertserve.com webads.bizservers.com fastlinkers.net
rt3.infolinks.com te.businessweek.com emailing.wildcard.fr west.05tz2e9.com
naturemost.it ads2.helpos.com teamtalk.uk.intellitxt.com metrics.penton.com
eliehabib.com images.webads.co.uk recl.kulinar.bg www.77tracking.com
mola77.mobilenobo.com www8.0zz0.com ebayrelevancead.webmasterplan.com
94akhf.blejythecounyful.com xpop.co web4.realtracker.com slightlyoffcenter.net
cmpglobalvista.112.2o7.net ro.hit.gemius.pl mtrics.cdc.gov
tribuneinteractive.122.2o7.net gozing.directtrack.com secure-yt.imrworldwide.com
websalesusa.com www.smspop.com pension-helene.cz cms.ad2click.nl ads10.speedbit.com
cmls.overture.com ms.ligatus.com efugl.iptvdeals.com silverlites-company.ru
keyways.pt evbeacon.networksolutions.com ox-d.secure-clicks.org www.willysy.com
borneo.aqq79.com rainbow-ru.mythings.com searchfwding.com ads2.msn.com mads.cnet.com
cap2zen.com imagesrv.adition.com counter12.bravenet.com redirects.ero-advertising.com
gpaper108.112.2o7.net www.contextpanel.com clickchatsold.com sverd.net
track.pulse360.com advertisingbanners.com counter3.bravenet.com
www.ranking-counter.de delfin.bg ge-0-0-43-crs1.sc9.admob.com www1.firesavez5.com
e1r.net kr.phorm.com bbcdn-bbnaut.ibillboard.com gyboo.cruisingsmallship.com
stat.4u.pl system-kernel-disk-errorx001dsxx-microsoft-windows.55errors5353.net
clicktraq.mtree.com cdnw.ringtonepartner.com adsatt.disney.starwave.com
rt.globalmailer.com tube8vidsjtq.ddns.name w53.am15.net kids-fashion.dk
counter4.bravenet.com free.adultcomix.biz www.digiaquascr.com www.serciudadano.com.ar
indiads.com ads1.beta.lt bkrtx.com ox.eurogamer.net www.ivwbvox.de w89.am15.net
duplaouroeprata.com.br mbox4.offermatica.com viewster-service.adtelligence.de
w1.iyi.net ialaddin.genieesspv.jp top.easy.lv interactivearea.ru update.onescan.co.kr
valouweeigenaren.nl secure-za.imrworldwide.com ardrone.swoop.com cdn.optmd.com
statm.the-adult-company.com admez.com gu.5.p2l.info study11.com jstaikos.com
static.retirementcommunitiesfyi.com static.styria-digital.com exits2.webquest.net
jsads.sina.com.hk www.theexgirlfriends.com luckyclean.info ai-gb.marketgid.com
www.on2url.com teameda.comcastbiz.net down.unadnet.com.cn pops.freeze.com
ace-tag.advertising.com i.kissmetrics.com olliedesign.net twx.2mdn.net
download.cdn.shareazaweb.com atrd.netmng.com stat.ringier.cz
ptuph.barginginfrance.net advertisment.unimatrix.si siads.sv.publicus.com
ad-server.co.za web.blowsearch.com stat.upforitnetworks.com bnsoutlaws.co.uk
dirtytalk101com.skimlinks.com pcbutts1.com adviva.com spyware-scan.100gal.net
eas5.emediate.eu mediauk.247realmedia.com www.ivwbox8.de yoggrt.com
adj53.thruport.com z.analytics.yahoo.com adj22.thruport.com hits.epochstats.com
s103.cnzz.com stat.yellowtracker.com ww2.tongji123.com soft-dld.com
vlogic.ak-networks.com roks.ua www.adult-banner-ads.com
pipersalegulfcoast.mathwolf.com virginmobile.122.2o7.net www.ristoromontebasso.it
www.servertasarimbu.com doradcazabrze.pl oi.webnavegador.com.br j.flxpxl.com
f2network.112.2o7.net a.gsmarena.com bank12.ads.mp.mydas.mobi www.bigbrandrewards.com
qctop.com down3.feiyang163.com semiyun.com wtsdc.worldnow.com
scrooge.thebostonchannel.com analytics.spongecell.com ad2.adfarm1.adition.com
w94.am15.net aolturnercnnmoney.112.2o7.net js.adserverpub.com odc.starwave.com
uk.2.cqcounter.com doash.buyyourbtc.com www.adworld.com.tr cdn.eyewonder.com
intext.billboard.cz celebitchy.us.intellitxt.com jxliu.com r.openx.net
montezuma.spb.ru physorg.us.intellitxt.com dl01.faddmr.com adlik2.akavita.com
taloussanomat.linkpulse.com dx8.52z.com primemensfitness.112.2o7.net
www.freerestaurantsource.com adsby.uzoogle.com mswmwpapolloprod.122.2o7.net
www.sourmath.com openx.vivthomas.com protect-x.com ukrbanner.net 4.luca-volonte.org
www.8vwbox.de 4.whereinsardegna.com visualrevenue.com
www.art-photo-music-rewardempire.com stailapoza.ro online-loan.petrovka.info
hit33.hotlog.ru new.cetrk.com www.nlbanner.nl db2.sitestats.com
s335831094.websitehome.co.uk tube8vidswtb.ddns.name csm.rotator.hadj7.adjuggler.net
worldgymperu.com yab-adimages.s3.amazonaws.com bizrate.com divine.lunarbreeze.com
v0.stat.ku6.com oawoo.frenchgerlemanelectric.com smart4ads.com abcstats.com
iybasketball.info pharmacy-online.petrovka.info errdoc.gabia.net adjuggler.net
tr.webantenna.info drugscom.us.intellitxt.com rc.bt.ilsemedia.nl bannerads.de
icorpadro.hit.gemius.pl laxwht.112.2o7.net adsfac.eu richmedia247.com cdn.atomex.net
adj32.thruport.com pool.euroads.no scripts.kataweb.it rusads.toysrus.com
hop.clickbank.net icon.cubics.com h.spill.com adocean-hr.hit.gemius.pl
cm.mtv.overture.com gcirm.dailyrecord.com counter30.bravenet.com
report.broadcastpc.tv wmserver.net scrooge.nbcsandiego.com
methodshop.us.intellitxt.com izozo.buyyourbtc.com iabe45sd.com s132.cnzz.com
www.interstats.nl lp.torchbrowser.com metrics.ireport.com fast.twc.demdex.net
iwantmygiftcard.com roitrack.directdisplayad.com popup.msn.com treventuresonline.com
enpresse.1.p2l.info cecash.com noveslovo.com 4.whereintrentinoaltoadige.com
cc8.joseppe.ru oad.realmedia.com y.admob.com r.offnews.bg www.bet365.com
mocka.frost-electric-supply.com load.exelator.com protection.stpolice.com
popunder.loading-delivery1.com mtvn.demdex.net dev.houstonysa.org www.nubijlage.nl
amu.adduraddonhere.info v5.chinoc.net www.stormpages.com ping.chartbeat.net
tube8vidsvrx.ddns.name capcityadvcom.122.2o7.net lpcloudsvr405.com stat.it168.com
redirect.fairfax.com.au adopt.precisead.com www.adultcommercial.net tfx.pw
hitx.statistics.ro winterrowd.us.intellitxt.com www.xxxwebtraffic.com
ua2.hit.stat24.com androidcommunity.us.intellitxt.com poshfile.com
viacomedyde.112.2o7.net www.kitaramarketplace.com pix.news.at tube8vidssjw.ddns.name
d1054130-28095.cp.blacknight.com wbprocurement.112.2o7.net www.ivwwbox.de adbuka.com
ns3.openinternetexchange.com aax-us-east.amazon-adsystem.com s.206solutions.com
hzs4.cnzz.com track.collegeboard.com mt32.mtree.com mgwsls.112.2o7.net www.dwin1.com
crazyegg.com www.stirparts.ru freecast.ivwbox.de ftp.flyfishusa.com bei.nuggad.net
thinkdigitalro.adocean.pl creative.ak.facebook.com www4.ad.tomshardware.com
mvonline.com dot.wp.pl www.linkbuddies.com xindalawyer.com hits3.truehits.net
usabilitytesten.nl gntbcstwbir.112.2o7.net c.de.msn.com siliconera.us.intellitxt.com
s39.sitemeter.com www.acmexxx.com b.webwise.org s85.cnzz.com
eetho.cruisingsmallship.com brownblogs.org webpoll.sparklit.com igagh.tourstogo.us
www.blogcounter.de images.tumri.net adtegrity.com 5.estasiatica.com
fnacmagasin.solution.weborama.fr www.slivki.com.ua ad9.bannerbank.ru
pixel.33across.com mainstreet.us.intellitxt.com app.beanstalkdata.com
traffiqexchange.rotator.hadj7.adjuggler.net adserv.iafrica.com new.smartcontext.pl
alissonluis-musico.sites.uol.com.br atlcourier.com id405441215-8305493831.h121h9.com
c.gigcount.com search.ipromote.com taobao.lylwc.com idgenterprise.112.2o7.net
www.validatedsite.com adfun.ru cwmgaming.com coaha.frenchgerlemanelectric.com
cdn.hadj7.adjuggler.net bestoffers.activeshopper.com afform.co.uk
amu.helpyourselfinstall.info vcomdeepdiscount.112.2o7.net www.lemonparty.biz
advert.exaccess.ru creditbootcamp.com adv.federalpost.ru aa-nb.marketgid.com
www.notaverde.com s23.sitemeter.com aolcsmen.122.2o7.net image.i1img.com
serraikizimi.gr beta-hints.netflame.cc cnhicrossvillechronicle.122.2o7.net
gcirm.greenvilleonline.com topblogarea.se oxado.com classicvacations.112.2o7.net
iesnare.com tube8vidsyre.dnset.com ancestrymsn.112.2o7.net fairfaxau.demdex.net
videoflyover.com fbku.com s1.gg.adocean.pl myoffertracking.com count17.51yes.com
nyads.ny.publicus.com ct1.addthis.com qbike.com.br test.ishvara-yoga.com sentrol.cl
static.dynad.net ads2.evz.ro cdn2.adsdk.com

pharmacyrxone.com cmtvia.112.2o7.net db3.net-filter.com bontril.1.p2l.info
cxtad.specificmedia.com www.download4now.pw adimg.bnet.com re.revolvermaps.com
www.rightmedia.com fp.valueclick.com www.ivwbbox.de fallencrafts.info
cdn.crwdcntrl.net ringierrs.adocean.pl images.m4n.nl wads.webteh.com
chsplantsales.co.uk www.destinationurl.com celebuzz.us.intellitxt.com
cu.genesismedia.com www.adlgasser.de www.hit-counts.com s34.sitemeter.com
search.thinktarget.com quickupdateserv.com nudebeachgalleries.net
stat010.mylivepage.com text-link-ads.com victornicolle.com hit4.hotlog.ru
mirandolasrl.it mail.cyberh.fr c.velaro.com techreview.adbureau.net wts.sexrouter.net
adcdn.33universal.com iv3wbox.de adct.gg.pl reklam-1.com cluster014.ovh.net
businessweekpoc.112.2o7.net emotioncardspy.zapto.org images.pacificpoker.com
stags.peer39.net return.domainnamesales.com www.fpcpopunder.com
autoforums.us.intellitxt.com www.partner-ads.com mdwjuneau.112.2o7.net
www.skassets.com secure-ds.serving-sys.com ads2.net-communities.co.uk
adserver-voice-online.co.uk americancareconcept.com a.phormlabs.com
audio.de.intellitxt.com exitfuel.com gscounters.eu1.gigya.com ads2.nextmedia.bg
cjhq.baidu.com adobe-flashplayer.com media.ventivmedia.com
phonearena.us.intellitxt.com nb.netbreak.com.au imagecache2.allposters.com
www.adexit.com cheap-xanax-here.blogspot.com nbook.far.ru cancalgary.112.2o7.net
www.justhookup.com executivecoaching.co.il quad.yadro.ru ee.connextra.com
adultmoneymakers.com www.theartsgarage.com st.n.ads2-adnow.com w2.extreme-dm.com
aippnetworks.com msnad.nuggad.net www.cookingtiprewards.com r.4at1.com
esgic.1.p2l.info lw.lnkworld.com goldstats.com www.selfsurveys.com m1.se.2mdn.net
lab-cntest.tk zjjlf.croukwexdbyerr.net intermediaceli.com count35.51yes.com
stylincom.112.2o7.net advt.webindia123.com adserving.favorit-network.com
puenteaereo.info frontend-loadbalancer.meteorsolutions.com ado.icorp.ro
www.secondome.com cosmeticscentre.uk.com qs.wemfbox.ch www.commission-junction.com
a.softconsultgroup.com exclusivegiftcards.com tracking.adultsense.com
cannabispicture.com n149adserv.com adobe-plugin.tk otylkaaotesanek.cz
bbcdn.go.cz.bbelements.com www.ranking-net.de ua.best-top.biz adimg.chow.com
adscendmedia.com newsinternational.122.2o7.net outporn.com twittercounter.com
mediaview.globalmailer.com aolnews.122.2o7.net rncgopcom.122.2o7.net hostingprod.com
ithyk.frenchgerlemanelectric.com openstat.net rp-online.met.vgwort.de
media.elb-kind.de gtlv.hit.gemius.pl www.roispy.com ninjadude.us.intellitxt.com
yieldmanagement.adbooth.net njtgsd.attackthethrone.com ultimatefashiongifts.com
4.whereinmolise.com lobby.sexlist.com ad-beast.com eas.hitta.se bracbetul.com
agmsnag.112.2o7.net a.independent.co.uk yourhotgiftzone.com
nitropayouts.directtrack.com pgalvaoteles.pt ro.bbelements.com www.rapidcounter.com
vvps.ws flashdem.fr cc.iwon.com s.skimresources.com nztv.prod.untd.com
www.antaraimedia.com www.enhance.com goldbye.vicp.net harvest285.adgardener.com
adobeflashupdate14.com rumorfix.us.intellitxt.com scaner-tgame.tk adimg.alice.it
w28.am15.net g2.us.intellitxt.com payday-loans.now-cash.com antventure.com
fast.condenast.demdex.net www.holidayproductpromo.com teen.streamate.com
klipads.dvlabs.com edge.analytics.brightedge.com earlybirdandtantrum.co.uk
mn.5.p2l.info download.mywebsearch.com clicktag.de jmp.clickbooth.com
16565.hittail.com adcontrol.lonestarnaughtygirls.com lv.adocean.pl adds.trafflow.com
eternitymobiles.com m02.webwise.com beacon-6.newrelic.com 7.rotator.wigetmedia.com
gazzetta.adman.gr www2.clustrmaps.com wkmg.co.kr usachoice.net pixel.wp.com
ga.5.p2l.info d38cp5x90nxyo0.cloudfront.net ox-d.globalpost.com
beta.ace.advertising.com apex-ad.com www.exbays.com 2915d.v.fwmrm.net
job-online.petrovka.info toprebates.com cbcca.122.2o7.net baskadesign.com
metrics.dickssportinggoods.com adworldnetwork.com ibmvideo.com
delivery.a.switchadhub.com siterecruit.comscore.com sync.search.spotxchange.com
www.wigglewoo.com buy-adipex-online.md-online24.de inm.affinitymatrix.com
static.bannerbank.ru analytics.gazeta.pl engage2.advanstar.com webcounter.be
www.sekel.ch exit.xpays.com pagetracking.popmarker.com roar.com bsf.smowtion.com
lintv.122.2o7.net albullansa.com www.ad.admitad.com comvelgmbh.d1.sc.omtrdc.net
us.d1.yimg.com plugin.mediavoice.com www.racingandclassic.com
analytics.strangeloopnetworks.com adsrv.bangbros.com shim.btrll.com
feed.validclick.com adocean-by.hit.gemius.pl djibeacon.djns.com p1.tcr21.tynt.com
c10060.ic-live.com paracadutismolucca.it eas3.emediate.eu femalewrestlingnow.com
671.stats.misstrends.com centralwestwater.com.au tracking-stats-tr.usa.cc
eisenstein.dk metrics.csmonitor.com leagleconsulting.com ads1.globeandmail.com
ads16.udc.advance.net count22.51yes.com 3.coolerpillow.com luggagepreview.com
junior.apk.net www.personalcashbailout.com oojee.barginginfrance.net
15694.hittail.com e.kde.cz nestorconsulting.net tas-ks.toboads.com
dofeb.frenchgerlemanelectric.com adv.dontcrack.com www.mmgads.com
www2.survey-poll.com clickbank.com clickthru.net aa.oasfile.aftenposten.no
7x70ministrysarashouse.com forex-online.hut1.ru tube8vidspeq.ddns.name www.0uk.net
anetch.tradedoubler.com api.revcontent.com natgeongkidsmagccom.112.2o7.net
icon.clickthru.net zanaflex.1.p2l.info www.alwayson-network.com fgtkmcby02.eu
www.freeezinebucks.com www.crazywinnings.com www.c0830473.myzen.co.uk g4p.grt02.com
get.ddlmediaus1000.info rsiuk.co.uk tr.adinterax.com
www.slikopleskarstvo-fasaderstvo.si onvis.ivwbox.de reklamy.sfd.pl fetishlocator.com
geoip.mlive.com www.offerent.com ox-d.crisppremium.com go-free-gifts.com
www.steamtraffic.com b.rad.msn.com naj.sk us1.siteimprove.com www62.menshealth.com
tube8vidsrhl.ddns.name ad234.prbn.ru 79423.analytics.edgekey.net mirror.pointroll.com
stat009.mylivepage.com www.mysearch-finder.com sa.jumptap.com c4.ic-live.com
digg.analytics.live.com promo.easy-dating.org t4.liverail.com w91.am15.net
ox-d.cloud9-media.net www.mmaaxx.com context3.kanoodle.com clickbrokers.com
primediabusiness.122.2o7.net www.adgitize.com us.adserver.yahoo.com
lp.ezdownloadpro.info bridge.ame.admarketplace.net www.super8service.de
natgeotravelermagcom.112.2o7.net adverticum.net ocpersian.com
109-204-26-16.netconnexion.managedbroadband.co.uk l8.zedo.com
 tecnocuer.com www.downloaddirect.com
ssp.adriver.ru static.nectarads.com gcirm.gannettnetwork.com kropka.onet.pl
sexyfemalewrestlingmovies-c.com d1piupybsgr6dr.cloudfront.net actos.about-tabs.com
proudclick.com kapcotool.com testats.inuvo.com cznshuya.ivnet.ru affiliate.aol.com
firstshowing.us.intellitxt.com avecat.missouritheatre.org at.ceofreehost.com
ivwboxq.de luckyshine.info odzb5nkp.com s130.cnzz.com c.adroll.com grapeshot.co.uk
tr.buzzlogic.com ih.adscale.de villalecchi.com creampie.afdss.info clien.net
splashnews.uk.intellitxt.com bitcast-a.v1.iad1.bitgravity.com sinuatemedia.com
paypertext.com seal.ranking.com ads5.canoe.ca media-f.vpptechnologies.com
tmp3.nexac.com johnchow.us.intellitxt.com advert2.ananzi.co.za fishadz.pressflex.net
sysconcalibration.com server-fr.imrworldwide.com www.predictad.com my-street.fr
sheknows.us.intellitxt.com dclk.haaretz.com record.affiliatelounge.com
tracking.onefeed.co.uk timeinc.122.2o7.net beta.easy-hit-counter.com
sdc8prod1.wiley.com www.fpctraffic.com www.jetpackdigital.com
shlinks.industrybrains.com o2.hit.gemius.pl 2915dc.v.fwmrm.net multiply.crwdcntrl.net
rivasearchpage.com metrics.consumerreports.org spiketv.112.2o7.net
rpc-php.trafficfactory.biz 27891.hittail.com trk.yadomedia.com
webradiobandatremdoforro.96.lt apac.rel.msn.com s1.adform.net dimenal.com.br
vidilife.crwdcntrl.net www.traficmax.fr alexandria90.etcserver.com
geo.jetpackdigital.com tube8vidsrom.dnset.com www.banner-rotation.com www.mtmtrade.gr
c8.amazingcounters.com db4.sitestats.com rpt.anchorfree.net protection.bspolice.com
adserversolutions.com bannermanager.bnr.bg dancecourt.com only-valium.go.to
content.scanmedios.com ox-d.imgur.servedbyopenx.com traffic.revenuedirect.com
soundcomputers.net app.pho8.com mngirockymtnnews.112.2o7.net adv.alice.it
pg2.solution.weborama.fr apcar.gr 4.dlevo.com dimarsbg.com p78878.adskape.ru
rbcgaru.hit.gemius.pl tube8vidsycs.dnset.com reklame.unwired-i.net
traffic-stats.streamsolutions.co.uk w62.am15.net combers-uk.com adv.gazeta.pl
adcode.adengage.com cdn.libraries.inpwrd.com www.ms-mvp.org beautysafari.com
www.adverticus.de webordermanager.com handbag.uk.intellitxt.com adtag.msn.ca
partners.pantheranetwork.com apps.advertlets.com hit38.hotlog.ru soft245.ru
mlsglobal.112.2o7.net db5.net-filter.com c.mtro.co www.propan.ru img.freeze.com
de.sitestat.com carlsonradisson.112.2o7.net www.intera-x.com ns2.lalibco.com mbe.ru
nbimg.dt00.net techguy.us.intellitxt.com winrar-soft.ru images.intellitxt.com
c1.navrcholu.cz nv2.ad.naver.com js.v1.de.euserv.fox.adaos-ads.net www.iv2box.de
www.sexytiger.ru rolemodelstreetteam.invasioncrew.com ssl-hints.netflame.cc
idvisitor.news4jax.com notebookservisru.161.com1.ru
www3.nuseek.com static.cpalead.com iwhab.randbinternationaltravel.com
adv.ilsecoloxix.it badv.wp.pl lt.retargeter.com pagerank-ranking.de
static.uk.addynamo.com supersonido.es dft.cl.dynad.net a.adroll.com s10.histats.com
oix0.net pixel1097.everesttech.net funchill.com zibup.csheaven.com www.adservtech.com
freeserials.spb.ru imc.l.qq.com memphisrap.us.intellitxt.com media8.popmarker.com
w.coin.scribol.com msfn.us.intellitxt.com ox-d.eluniversal.com www.gozatar.com
mail.youcanoptout.org pharmadeal.gr api.trackuity.com www.bookclub-offer.com
track.securedvisit.com sportsandprevention.com c1.openx.org an.yandex.ru
www.igwbox.de 4.whereinsicily.com www.banners.bgcatalog.net nba.112.2o7.net
2822.v.fwmrm.net wileypublishing.112.2o7.net bluewin.wemfbox.ch adv.li ttzmedia.com
cdn.broadstreetads.com opendownloadmanager.com b.nevadaprivateoffice.com
experts.us.intellitxt.com www.vivo7.com sftp.clickability.com crakmedia.com
livenation.122.2o7.net 6.bbnfaces.net metrics.mcafee.com n-tv.met.vgwort.de
stat.inforotor.ru vijetha.co.in bivwbox.de maxi4.firstvds.ru viaatomv6.112.2o7.net
veruta.com santos-seeley.net sdc.jumptheshark.com tinybar.com enoratraffic.com
poweronemedia.122.2o7.net www.geoworldonline.com ytzi.co gsmarena.us.intellitxt.com
amicos.mcdir.ru d.skimresources.com media.lovercash.com cdn2sitescout-a.akamaihd.net
business.lbn.ru metrics.cosmopolitan.co.uk andysgame.com ard.sweetdiscreet.com
healthination.122.2o7.net aetv.112.2o7.net www.realincestvideos.com livecams.nl
banner-server.winecountry.com www5.ad.tomshardware.com best100catfights.com
www.webgozar.ir oferty-online.com www.ladyclicks.ru akaads-espn.starwave.com
www.freeelectronicsonus.com b.skinstore.com myvksaver.ru 24log.com
vast.bp3855989.btrll.com appaloosaontario.ca arbitrary.drclinton.org
abbyssh.freestats.com display.provenpixel.com openadext.tf1.fr xoomer.alice.it
ox-d.wahwahnetworks.com www.tkqlhce.com ybex.com u.extreme-dm.com getclicky.com
orkut.krovatka.su send.microad.jp www.revcontent.com files.goodadvert.ru
ar1.atwola.com tracking.fccinteractive.com selective-business.com
beacon.errorception.com firehouse651.com neogenadro.hit.gemius.pl www.petrenko.biz
hdbusty.com adsrv.fashion.bg wineyatra.com by98.com s55.cnzz.com rem.rezonmedia.eu
aimfar.solution.weborama.fr track.eyeviewads.com v.inigsplan.ru m3.cn.2mdn.net
count19.51yes.com pub.weatherbug.com juicypussyclips.com advertising.dclux.com
www.asiansforu.com gpaper194.112.2o7.net vcommerce.112.2o7.net latin3.directtrack.com
bill.ecsuite.com media.adshadow.net studivz.ivwbox.de webmasters.nastydollars.com
armanix.white.prohosting.com holidayproductpromo.com bargainracks.co.uk
cid.pardot.com dc.sify.com blog.byethost.com adcast.deviantart.com tremplin84.fr
static.tellapart.com server-br.imrworldwide.com ld2.criteo.com counter4all.dk
adplus.goo.mx s63.cnzz.com www2.mystats.nl media.adfrontiers.com s15.cnzz.com
ifa.slutloadlive.com x17online.us.intellitxt.com oidiscover.com zeitonl.ivwbox.de
foxamw.112.2o7.net www12.0zz0.com wrap.tradedoubler.com webservices-rewardpath.com
promo.lifeselector.com www.unisgolf.ch vh1com.112.2o7.net www.loggerx.com
scs.webtrends.com utm.cursormania.com au.link.decideinteractive.com linkadd.de
lvs.truehits.in.th r.254a.com 4.whereinmilan.com bbcdn.go.arbopl.bbelements.com
phorm.com.tr aff.shopmania.bg s14.sitemeter.com cucdn.genesismedia.com readserver.net
gpaper184.112.2o7.net code.intext.billboard.cz symbianone.us.intellitxt.com
eventlogger.soundcloud.com afa15.com.ne.kr tgd.timesonline.co.uk
movieads.imgs.sapo.pt drs2.veinteractive.com mailcheckisp.biz scaner-file.tk
s.thebrighttag.com m1.sg.2mdn.net goska.siol.net portraitphotographygroup.com
bravetools.net cnf.adshuffle.com newadserver.interfree.it server-au.imrworldwide.com
shareaholic.com dmeserv.newsinc.com web1.affiliatelounge.com james.adbutler.de
www.zanox-affiliate.de x-traceur.com ehadvicedev.112.2o7.net mesotherapy.jino-net.ru
mtmtrade.gr img.clicksagent.com wegetpaid.net www.youripad4free.com
northerningredients.com engine.letsstat.nl id.kbmg.cz photos0.pop6.com
piwik.pokerlistings.com mi.adinterax.com bus-offer.com www.topsearch10.com
www.interactivebrands.com scaner-or.tk pcmightymax.net www.lpcloudsvr302.com
blackfalcon4.net collector.githubapp.com trywith.us directxex.com dentairemalin.com
oshoa.iptvdeals.com arbomediacz.nuggad.net tube8vidslrz.ddns.name
rumog.frost-electric-supply.com www.mplayerdownloader.com artwork.aim4media.com
c6.edgesuite.net adwitserver.com nl-moneyou.netmining.com bnmgr.adinjector.net
ahh-teens.com tomorrownewstoday.com a2.mediagra.com www.aptrafficnetwork.com
deplayer.net serasaexperian.biz getrockerbox.com tatschke.net
sponsoredlinks.nationalgeographic.com ads3.freebannertrade.com bride1.com
advert.ananzi.co.za as5000.wunderground.com imagec18.247realmedia.com be-funk.com
protection.topolice.com domainpark.sitelutions.com lydwood.co.uk
cell-phone-giveaways.com www.shooshtimeinc.com avidnewssource.com cu.cz-darmstadt.de
gfx.webmasterprofitcenter.com adk2.adperium.com www.jizzads.com
ads-aa.wunderground.com rum-static.pingdom.net s5.spn.ee s112.cnzz.com
metrics.mms.mavenapps.net live-dir.tk au.2.cqcounter.com caclclo.web.fc2.com
adfarm.mserve.ca b.ds1.nl s102.cnzz.com getrank.net promolnk.com
maurobb.freecounter.it www.hentaidatabase.com arkinsoftware.in arnoldlanecars.co.uk
luckyclear.info imgg.dt07.net vitalityxray.com www.politicalopinionsurvey.com
js4.clickzs.com losalseehijos.es cameraweb-cartoon.tk hstit.tradedoubler.com
nx.frosmo.com mlpoint.pt w77.am15.net info.telstra.com cgicounter.puretec.de
emits.iptvdeals.com nikegoddess.112.2o7.net mfad1.advantage.as dvdmanager-203.sv2.biz
bj04.com ranking-hits.de ipcwebuserprod.122.2o7.net www.gamevance.com www.netmaxx.com
nossl.aafp.org cya2.net mudfall.com content.videoclick.ru files.adspdbl.com
kulro.csheaven.com execulink.112.2o7.net rsgde.adocean.pl www.trafficresults.com
www.afform.co.uk cdn.mobicow.com stream11.instream.com ladieshj.112.2o7.net
cube.ign.us.intellitxt.com tags.mathtag.com jgen46.cjt1.net pda.mv.bidsystem.com
closeoutproductsreview.com oilwrestlingeurope.com www.wave4you.de advert.travlang.com
images.casino-on-net.com c.ru.msn.com data.coremetrics.com h1666015.stratoserver.net
ad-incisive.grapeshot.co.uk yoda.cybereps.com www.topsiteuri.ro
ir-uk.amazon-adsystem.com qjex.net d.tds.adlabs.ru mt94.mtree.com memorix.sdv.fr
machine.fairfaxbm.co.nz pb-webdesign.net noah.reddion.com ihm01.ct2.comclick.com
sinettrk.com europebanner.net www.over50datingservices.com oticon.netminers.dk
7979.nosubid.blueseek.com purchase.hut1.ru c.se.msn.com adv.marica.bg
r1.ace.advertising.com cmh.hk.overture.com yorick.adjuggler.net r.dir.bg
analytics.revee.com handksound.com msnmercustacqprod.112.2o7.net iamagameaddict.com
www.assoc-amazon.com zoek.zugo.com js.tongji.linezing.com 123stat.com
igoby.frost-electric-supply.com gpaper157.112.2o7.net 1si.cqcounter.com
topdecornegocios.com.br union.6.cn penix.nl siteinterceptco1.qualtrics.com
aff.ringtonepartner.com www.falkag.de analytics.yolacdn.net r.looksmart.com
www.webservices-rewardpath.com 7457.accessaw.blueseek.com twc.demdex.net
ads2.msads.net gpaper129.112.2o7.net viacomedycentralrl.112.2o7.net
www2.adserverpub.com psorias.atspace.com com-5p2.net adware.kogaryu.com
adman.kathimerini.gr www.newssourceoftoday.com cbsdigitalmedia.112.2o7.net
anchor.coadvertise.com adbrite.com ingekalfdeimplores.howtoleaveyourjob.net
www.adultlinkexchange.com socialanxietysupport.us.intellitxt.com toplist.pornhost.com
stat.ekologia.pl mbox12.offermatica.com gwc.lphbs.com ar7.atwola.com
ptush.iptvdeals.com statdb.pressflex.com ibannerx.com fruitlauncher.com
geobanner.passion.com inlinea.co.uk adj16.thruport.com diginet.adocean.pl
imppl.tradedoubler.com www.ukrpts.net projectorreviews.us.intellitxt.com cd-ads.com
panel2.research-int.se hosting-controlpr.tk 298-ct.c3tag.com 1ca.cqcounter.com
4.whereinpuglia.com c.usatoday.com cookingcom.112.2o7.net www.tdms.saglik.gov.tr
iframecash.biz virginmedia.112.2o7.net instruminahui.edu.ec
ma76-r.analytics.edgesuite.net hitslog.com agsteier.com hits.twittweb.com
www.checkstat.nl birth-control.1.p2l.info vote.sparklit.com protection.ccpolice.com
ip-182-50-129-181.ip.secureserver.net aolwbautoblog.122.2o7.net isonomia.com.ar
jsp2.clickzzs.nl mediatrade.h19.ru atelierprincesse.web.fc2.com h.atdmt.com
www.tynt.com media-4.vpptechnologies.com atyss.barginginfrance.net
londonescortslist.net regio.adlink.de www.postads24.com tracking.rce.veeseo.com
jeansvixens.com cash4popup.de netzmarkt.ivwbox.de echoa.randbinternationaltravel.com
scribe.twitter.com fahrrad.bikesshop.de assets.adtaily.com imgg.marketgid.com
www.adcycle.com cdnm.zapunited.com dcads.sina.com.cn c10048.ic-live.com www.ucheba.ru
dinclinx.com ru.makeanadultwebsite.com urban-motorcycles.com ads1.legalworld.bg
www1.darikweb.com mpp.vindicosuite.com jgen43.cjt1.net ai078.insightexpressai.com
juedische-kammerphilharmonie.de paypal.112.2o7.net kadman.net topeuro.biz
cheap-viagra.polybuild.ru www.clickthrutraffic.com kaspersky.com32.info
impfi.tradedoubler.com gae.caspion.com s.moatads.com
bc685d37-266c-488e-824e-dd95d1c0e98b.statcamp.net adspeed.net isg07.casalemedia.com
landisbaptist.com www17-orig.glam.com ads-web.mail.com
www.huren-verzeichnis.is4all.de www.torgi.kz adcontroller.unicast.com lt.adocean.pl
adserving.unibet.com mindstormstudio.ro ia1.7search.com bannersxchange.com
hr.adocean.pl cdna.runadtag.com redefine2.hit.stat24.com skimlinkscom.skimlinks.com
www.toplistim.com blitzadbg.hit.gemius.pl www.ppctracking.net
zampolit1990.popunder.ru telefonica.webnavegador.com.br tracking.optimatic.com
www.freemao.com hearstdigital.122.2o7.net cdn.doubleverify.com fr.adserver.yahoo.com
lickscloombsfills.us as3.falkag.de www.bcservice.it counter19.bravenet.com
www.ibis.cz adserve.postrelease.com www.my-stats.com www.shinilchurch.net
secondwww.com buy-cialis.freewebtools.com s.dpmsrv.com f.monetate.net
4.whereintoscana.com viaaddictinggames.112.2o7.net adpublimo.com www.adtechus.com
content.bannerconnect.net hzs2.cnzz.com abionet.com storage.adsolutions.nl
layer-ad.de ade.wooboo.com.cn p.ato.mx www.ivwgox.de top-it.mconet.biz c1.popads.net
go.adevolution.bbelements.com www.adforgames.com www.arkinsoftware.in luckysure.info
flashbanners.static.ard.sexplaycam.com pojokkafe.com tracking.lengow.com
www.freewebtown.com www.trendcounter.com metrics.ford.com pw.cnzz.com
payload.yieldbuild.com free-virus-scan.100gal.net img.msgtag.com clickosmedia.com
seonetwizard.com 9vwbox.de tube8vidsiww.ddns.name s48.cnzz.com vte.nexteramedia.com
img.adnet.com.tr geek.us.intellitxt.com creative.ad133m.com bantam.ai.net
www.exitmoney.com piwik.datawrapper.de img1.ru.redtram.com cds.adecn.com
free-stats.i8.com visitors.lexus-europe.com adsrv.bankrate.com id.click2houston.com
lustadult.com luwyou.com metrics.nba.com www.adobur.com hosting-controlid1.tk
gpaper219.112.2o7.net js.himediads.com metric.allrecipes.com bukisa.us.intellitxt.com
usemax.de www.logging.to derekhail.us.intellitxt.com xclicks.net
www.probabilidades.net outwar.com adtag.sympatico.ca clicks.traffictrader.net
metrics.performgroup.com webhosting.hut1.ru antalya.ru sdaexpress24.net
aka-cdn-ns.adtechus.com claimfreerewards.com napi.lanistaads.com a.moitepari.bg
s10.flagcounter.com mailboto.com www.interstitialzone.com
analytics.bleacherreport.com achren.org a.klaviyo.com www10.glam.com
farecastcom.122.2o7.net social.bidsystem.com www.vjsoft.net web-olymp.ru
mango.spiritualcounselingtoday.co kfcgroup.net afbtracking09.com
sayac.onlinewebstats.com delivery.yourfuckbook.com natashyabaydesign.com rubiks.ca
mathenea.com tracking.summitmedia.co.uk istanbulteknik.com ttb.tbddlw.com trahic.ru
www.statcount.com www.exactadvertising.com www.ivwnox.de idvisitor.local10.com
digitalmediawire.us.intellitxt.com url-cameralist.tk metrocuadro.com.ve
bhgdiy.112.2o7.net metrics.homebase.co.uk d.tailtarget.com pcmag.us.intellitxt.com
st.hit.gemius.pl link.ru analytics.sitewit.com www.ad4mat.de hit37.chart.dk mmile.com
mobatory.com sexyster.tk www.ivcwbox.de
97b1c56132dfcdd90f93-0c5c8388c0a5897e648f883e2c86dc72.r54.cf5.rackcdn.com
www.thickcash.com vu.adschoom.com ns1.the-sinner.net obession.co.ua
classicspeedway.com results.adworldmedia.com counter33.bravenet.com
upload.luckyorange.net tube8vidsnlq.dnset.com daily-saver.com www.adworldmedia.com
a.consumerreports.org 4.newenergydata.info oknarai.ru p1.dntrck.com pub7.bravenet.com
fimserve.rottentomatoes.com cherryhi.app.ur.gcion.com sunglobal.112.2o7.net
www.pagerank10.co.uk omtrdc.net vericlick.com server-jp.imrworldwide.com
partner.wapacz.pl luchtenbergdecor.com.br mysmallcock.com www.3peaks.co.jp
findfavour.com media.popunder.com smibs.112.2o7.net oimsgad.qq.com www.casamama.nl
my-web1.tk ads2.rrm.cz damavandkuh.com tc-s.convertro.com
databroker-us.coremotives.com mydati.com mylondon.hc0.me ox-d.officer.com
lw1.gamecopyworld.com www.adlimg03.com tube8vidshkk.ddns.name opensoftwareupdater.com
w18.am15.net partners.cfl.mybrighthouse.com oofuv.cruisingsmallship.com
ads2.theglobeandmail.com www2.pagecount.com 654.stats.misstrends.com
secure.webresint.com monarchslo.com smartify.org y1.extreme-dm.com
americanbaby.112.2o7.net analytics.aweber.com adj51.thruport.com
banman.isoftmarketing.com globalnetworkanalys.com alexanderinteriorsanddesign.com
gpaper223.112.2o7.net d077aa.r.axf8.net bannersflash.spacash.com
msninviteprod.112.2o7.net revelations.trovus.co.uk atlassian.122.2o7.net
l.springmetrics.com www.sbo.it sync.darikweb.com premiumholidayoffers.com
download.downloadquick.net oasc05139.247realmedia.com metrics.nj.com
eroov.iptvdeals.com www.nowstat.com www.djugoogs.com js.bizographics.com
bbn.img.com.ua mtv.count.brat-online.ro img.network.affiliando.com atpco.ur.gcion.com
www.pornsponsors.com js.moatads.com adimg.mp3.com a.fox.com pagerank-ranking.com
www.realinnovation.com mediabistro.112.2o7.net as.webmd.com www.winhundred.com
learning-offer.com openx.mercatormedia.com s110.cnzz.com adcash.com
www.toptravel10.com static.clicktripz.com adhese.hbvl.be ichef.us.intellitxt.com
acool.csheaven.com www.paliteo.com deletespyware-adware.com nikolamireasa.com
mangler8.generals.ea.com c.imedia.cz ebtmarketing.com viewtools.com nkgamers.com
3918.hittail.com mads.bnet.com gonzogrape.gumgum.com twci.coremetrics.com
scaner-ex.tk s3.cnzz.com oasc08008.247realmedia.com www.lovecouple.ru
download.ttrili.com db0.sitestats.com p.camsitecash.com server10.opentracker.net
nobodyspeakstruth.narod.ru www.backsim.ru smart.hola.com dstatic.aceadsys.net
nonsi.csheaven.com s201.indexstats.com proflashdata.com www.catgallery.com
server2.as5000.com counter16.bravenet.com static.platinumweddingplanner.com
i.cdn.openx.com hitx.waudit.cz peep-auktion.de dl.microsword.net hits4me.com
www.trafficcenter.de campaigns.de.euserv.adaos-ads.net revsci.net js.livehelper.com
tgp.adultfriendfinder.com 4-counter.com parking.reg.ru
collegefootballnews.us.intellitxt.com www.business.lbn.ru awarenesstech.122.2o7.net
nobrain.dk dl.heima8.com eastmoney.allyes.com www.apparel-offer.com go.realvu.net
functional-business.com nwhomecare.co.uk intela.com www.ewebse.com 6.negutterking.org
ka.bar.need2find.com qwe.affairedhonneur.us promo.awempire.com logw312.ati-host.net
oampa.csheaven.com this.content.served.by.addshuffle.com campaign.indieclick.com
female-v.1.p2l.info s11.sitemeter.com cdn1.ads.contentabc.com tsms-ad.tsms.com
www.cashfiesta.net 2a86.v.fwmrm.net sexylegsandpantyhose.com ww57.smartadserver.com
webiq005.webiqonline.com getyourfreecomputer.com server-pl.imrworldwide.com
s1.gratkapl.adocean.pl pcw.uk.intellitxt.com l2.l.qq.com origin-tracking.trulia.com
files-www2.adsnative.com sdc2.sakura.ad.jp ip.ro www.smartadserver.com allxscan.tk
www.moviedollars.com x3.extreme-dm.com stat2.888.ku6.com 2amsports.com
sdc.francetelecom.com okeanbg.com www.divshare.com protection.espolice.com
box.anchorfree.net recordeaglecom.112.2o7.net openx.trellian.com www.eivamos.com
groax.mymag250.co.uk bestadbid.com s2.trafficmaxx.de plavix.shengen.ru
olols.hsb-vps.co.uk ww62.smartadserver.com cneteurope.122.2o7.net bi.adview.pl
oolsi.frost-electric-supply.com stat2.corp.56.com pulpantagraph.112.2o7.net
m3.nl.2mdn.net gpaper170.112.2o7.net dynamic.exaccess.ru
ortc-ws2-useast1-s0005.realtime.co aff.indirdik.com adsnew.gsmarena.com
adtrack.link.ch www.nationalissuepanel.com salesforce.122.2o7.net www.vertadnet.com
adv.adtotal.pl oprahsearch.com cover9.adultfriendfinder.com nan.netmng.com
batcoroadlinescorporation.com 5490.spedads.primosearch.com a.oix.com x6.yakiuchi.com
error.hostinger.eu www.yourstats.net clicksimpact.cashtrk.com
msnportalhome.112.2o7.net images-aud.slashdot.org benchmarkconsultant.com
videotroncom.112.2o7.net timefoodandwine.122.2o7.net askmen2.us.intellitxt.com
site.johnlewis.com online-college.petrovka.info www.advertlets.com
content.linkoffers.net netcommunities.com download.freeze.com counter10.bravenet.com
medleyads.com pointroll.com mangler4.generals.ea.com reporting.cpxinteractive.com
longtraffic.com mt113.mtree.com www.adshot.de adx.telegram.com impbe.tradedoubler.com
openx.ajur.info c4.zedo.com segs.btrll.com counter34.bravenet.com troytempest.com
www.imiclk.com progettocrea.org img.ads.sanomamobileads.nl realmedia.nana.co.il
flexografic.gr www.kazaa.com counter17.bravenet.com ad2.zapmedya.com
s03.flagcounter.com count.xhit.com www.econda-monitor.de popfill.us.intellitxt.com
sideshow.directtrack.com rallyeair.com golem.de.intellitxt.com dc.bizjournals.com
cmps.mt50ad.com ads5.advertwizard.com skiholidays4beginners.com moucitons.com
oix-stage.net luggagecast.com metrics.shopoon.fr rec-danse.fr www.ivwbox9.de
popunder.adtrgt.com nuggad.nuggad.net m8.ae.2mdn.net ville-st-remy-sur-avre.fr
clownsong.com redes360.com metrics.foreignpolicy.com resources.infolinks.com
ifa.youjizzlive.com ewstcpalm.112.2o7.net www.experclick.com akamai.smartadserver.com
d.turn.com analytics.worldnow.com www.friendlyduck.com alprazolam.ourtablets.com
redux.valuead.com www.hit-now.com om.expedia.com cache.winhundred.com m3.fi.2mdn.net
adx.adform.net clients.pointroll.com stormpages.com www.pontuall.com.br 4.adbrite.com
web2.easyresearch.se s16.cnzz.com anrysys.popunder.ru forbescom.112.2o7.net
telegraphcouk.skimlinks.com www.tubedspots.com metrics.teambeachbody.com
letsgodigital.uk.intellitxt.com webgozar.com imagec14.247realmedia.com
serving.bepolite.eu getmyfreelaptop.com saemark.is rb.revolvermaps.com
as1.inoventiv.com xamateurpornlic.www1.biz gaba.hit.gemius.pl ctvtsgtv.112.2o7.net
ads4cheap.com data.cpalead.com scaner-sboom.tk hotspot.cz thcvaporizer.com
scaner-do.tk ads3.bangkokpost.co.th adsafiliados.com.br viaaddictingclips.112.2o7.net
www.cambodiaoutsourcing.com w103.am15.net layer-ad.org adv.gepime.com s50.cnzz.com
trk.parrable.com supernature-forum.de.intellitxt.com 4.newenergydata.biz
www.sptag.com pracuj.hit.gemius.pl mfr.a2dfp.net www.goody-garage.com ap.lijit.com
targetpoint.com 222-33544_999.pub.adfirmative.com powellsbooks.122.2o7.net
www.consumeralternatives.org artasoimaritului.ro 4.pianetapollo.com ns1.123go.net
iframe.adultfriendfinder.com webgroundbg.adocean.pl 10394-2468.ampxchange.com
metrics.toptenreviews.com pub.ftv-publicite.fr tracking.gameforge.de
tracking.10e20.com eas.almamedia.fi www.premiumproductsonline.com
wwwchipchickcom.skimlinks.com www.trafix.ro boksy.onet.pl rbb.ivwbox.de am15.net
immediateresponseforcomputer.com sports.rightpundits.us.intellitxt.com
advertpro.investorvillage.com idvisitor.socialreader.com allforlove.de
ocick.frost-electric-supply.com ooksu.frost-electric-supply.com cz.adocean.pl
spd.atdmt.speedera.net adtools.gossipkings.com 234x120.adv.vz.ru www.ccbill.com
mrp.rubiconproject.com sexcounter.com a.androidandme.com securecontactinfo.com
analytics.androidandme.com phpads.foundrymusic.com xp2.zedo.com
static.gfx.streamate.com adagiobanner.s3.amazonaws.com ox-d.digiday.com
vm3.parabol.object.bg www.anticlown.com myusersonline.com keywords.adtlgc.com
hobbytotaalservice.nl relay-bg.toboads.com www.prfelectrical.com.au nu.arnostat.nl
ads1.ucomics.com links.worldbannerexchange.com crackspider.us
boogu.barginginfrance.net beacon.mediahuis.be www5.addfreestats.com
jakeludington.us.intellitxt.com ctsde01.wiredminds.de laxprs.112.2o7.net
openx.cnews.ru rules.atgsvcs.com metrics.ilsole24ore.com metrics.divinecaroline.com
exit-ad.de rewardhotspot.com us.o1.yimg.com fhg.avrevenue.com
celebrity-rightpundits.us.intellitxt.com ad2.gammae.com fill.juicyads.com
www.spinbox.com www.netagent.cz assets.popmarker.com ox-d.hdcmedia.nl
clicktracker.iscan.nl pub29.bravenet.com clicks.aweber.com
ivvbox.de g4.us.intellitxt.com rtst.122.2o7.net www.azmsoft.com email.positionly.com
scripts.psyma.com www.banner-exchange.nl mads.zdnet.com luckyblank.info
www.bidtraffic.com m2132.ehgaugysd.net www.bannerpromotion.it adlik.akavita.com
dianepiette.co.uk hstno.tradedoubler.com ad1.logger.co.kr servedbyopenx.com
srch.atdmt.com link.ixs1.net us-choicevalue.com zous.szm.sk adscholar.com
adsoldier.com www.banner.cz www.dontwatch.us gulf-industrial.com
aff4.gittigidiyor.com oshoo.iptvdeals.com go.arbopl.bbelements.com aftrk.com
refer25.outster.com m9.ve.2mdn.net go.idmnet.bbelements.com container.pointroll.com
rotabanner234.utro.ru www.litra.com.mk ad2.bbmedia.cz s22.cnzz.com www.beead.co.uk
tracker.beezup.com promo.begun.ru promotools3.globalmailer.com
games-toys-bonuspath.com m02.webwise.net doktester.orgfree.com
singletraining56.247realmedia.com finnhair.co.uk sa2.ipon.lt m5.cn.2mdn.net
affiliate.offgamers.com prescription-drugs.easy-find.net mobilede-dp.nuggad.net
d4.zedo.com bbcdn.go.adevolution.bbelements.com impat.tradedoubler.com www.uivwbox.de
www.besttoolbars.net cm.au.thewest.overture.com www.tvnews.or.kr cdn.pardot.com
fairfax.demdex.net adimg.uimserv.net countercrazy.com cnetasiapacific.122.2o7.net
neodatagroup-eu-prod-1.neodatagroup.com bgwebads.com mycounter.ua sg.yimg.com
prorodeosportmed.com tracking101.com epmads.com www.joomlalivechat.com
metrics.seattlepi.com ts.richmedia.yahoo.com banex.bikers-engine.com
nmtacoma.112.2o7.net cpm.super-links.net surplus-suppliers.com dosugcz.biz
fx.gtopstats.com adimages.homestore.com amazingvacationhotels.com
advertisingagent.com bbcdn.code.intext.billboard.cz logp.hit-parade.com
static.esportsea.com www.postmasterdirect.com c.t4ft.de buy-hydrocodone.petrovka.info
protection.phpolice.com adserv.transindex.ro mocha7003.mochahost.com
server.bittads.com collectiveads.net revenuedirect.com gpr.hu sasson-cpa.co.il
ds.advg.jp u1.extreme-dm.com ads2.blastro.com ads3.blastro.com
aolwbpspfboy.122.2o7.net sg.adserver.yahoo.com home.hit.stat24.com img4.zergnet.com
openx.camelmedia.net hm.webtrends.com cdn-static.liverail.com script.tailsweep.com
server1.opentracker.net tags.spider-mails.com ad01.mediacorpsingapore.com
br.meetlocals.com topspeed.us.intellitxt.com java2.casino-on-net.com
valitutpal.spring-tns.net secureads.ft.com www.atousoft.com www.blogcatalog.com
blogcounter.com www.cpmterra.com img.parked.ru media5021.videostrip.com
mitsubishi.112.2o7.net astatic.weborama.fr tjx.112.2o7.net click.sexmoney.com
tracking.opencandy.com delivery.bluefinmediaads.com watershed.bm23.com
webmdcom.tt.omtrdc.net cx.atdmt.com jmsyap.112.2o7.net ar.adserver.yahoo.com
www2.stats4free.de err.chicappa.jp utils.media-general.com imiliving.122.2o7.net
cgi1.sexlist.com www.tivwbox.de symbian-freak.us.intellitxt.com
static.bannersbroker.com www.bonabanners.co.uk www.gcmadvertising.com
reklam.vogel.com.tr www.box.bg metanetwork.com panel.adtify.pl ebaynonreg.112.2o7.net
te.kontera.com advert.dyna.ultraweb.hu citi.bridgetrack.com tracking.veoxa.com
www.trafficzap.com as4.falkag.de ivitrine.buscape.com agwebshots.112.2o7.net 10.im.cz
typeofmarijuana.com nmcomnancomedia.112.2o7.net mt10.mtree.com img0.ru.redtram.com
txads.buzzcity.com friendtest.us.intellitxt.com publiccasinoild.com
beacon.tunecore.com getacool100.com dms.netmng.com o.sa.aol.com t.teads.tv
www.clickzs.com s.camsitecash.com www.ngads.com flextra.1.p2l.info aa-nb.mgid.com
www.clickspring.net adserve.canadawidemagazines.com js.maxmind.com
myfreemp3player.com darseo.popunder.ru srv.admailtiser.com per-nunker.dk
www.meatspin.com www.clickdensity.com uac.advertising.com a9.sc.freepornvs.com
www.if-sheknows.info www.flu23.com www.freegasonus.com www.ivwboxd.de
cdn8.emediate.eu cdn.luckyorange.com foreign.dt00.net mediageneral.com
www.adranking.de j.theadsnet.com simplehitcounter.com s32.research.de.com
cdn.ndparking.com stir.semilo.com hwcdn.hadj1.adjuggler.net ruspolice.net
tracking.cdiscount.com radar.cedexis.com estelle.us.intellitxt.com gbscript.com
www.harmonyhollow.net ox-d.newstogram.com www.myoffertracking.com
chapmanmediagroup.com offersquest.directtrack.com www.mytraf.ru
www.permissionresearch.com altmedia101.com superfastsservers.com
filter.bluemediappc.com api.hexagram.com adecn.com top123.ro adserver2.goals365.com
condenast.demdex.net rek.adtotal.pl static.clickonometrics.pl
hothardware.us.intellitxt.com redirect.xmladfeed.com cialis-finder.com
static.clickpapa.com srv12.hostserv.co.za anapixel.elmundo.es serv.adspeed.com
beacon.gutefrage.net clickagents.com pollserver.interpolls.com cbsi.demdex.net
amu.boxinstallercompany.info ads-colruytgroup.adhese.com ae.goodsblock.marketgid.com
c10064.ic-live.com techpowerup.us.intellitxt.com c.my.msn.com ads1.eudora.com
laptoprewardszone.com g2.gumgum.com yandex.ru.sgtfnregsnet.ru www.hubtraffic.com
bmwmoter.122.2o7.net consumergiftcenter.com server7.opentracker.net ad132m.adpdx.com
white.sexer.com adireland.com advertising.thediabetesnetwork.com s24.cnzz.com
webtraffic.se nationalenquirer.us.intellitxt.com ylpzt.juzojossai.net cluper.net
www.bkrtx.com wall-streetro.count.brat-online.ro www.co2stats.com adhitzads.com
adp.adview.pl reporting.singlefeed.com nzz.d3.sc.omtrdc.net hit5.hotlog.ru
mobilityguru.us.intellitxt.com www.compactads.com protection.itpolice.net
api.contentclick.co.uk www.liveinternet.ru gw.anametrix.net expressdelivery.biz
rapsubs.popunder.ru sedotracker.com cdn.go.arbopl.bbelements.com s1.listrakbi.com
cdn.tracking.bannerflow.com ad2.cooks.com
www.counter4you.net p2.l.qq.com images.adviews.de thinkgeek.112.2o7.net
adobe.demdex.net adserving.cpxadroit.com ox.hoosiertimes.com
uertebamurquebloktreinen.buyerware.net s115.cnzz.com panther1.cpxinteractive.com
optimost.com mtree.com a.as-eu.falkag.net a.thoughtleadr.com pl-engine.intextad.net
foxcounter.com ns2.primeinteractive.net www.zyxyfy.com www.ntsearch.com
www.cybereps.com count.daem0n.com ivwb0ox.de adsvr.adknowledge.com www.start-page.org
faqts.us.intellitxt.com t.dailymail.co.uk www.seductiveamateurs.com
nydailynews.d1.sc.omtrdc.net car-truck-boat-premiumblvd.com www.videooizleyin.com
eu2.madsone.com www.traveller-offer.net www.elementnetwork.com daylogs.com
tube8vidsxlo.ddns.name bizzibeans.net cm.uk.independent.overture.com s4.cnzz.com
xl.topstat.com adv.sexcounter.com egotastic.us.intellitxt.com spylog.ru adadvisor.net
adx.gainesvillesun.com phentermine.aussie7.com zzz.clickbank.net
connect.decknetwork.net fast.gannett.demdex.net paidstats.com
nytrwilmington.112.2o7.net l.linkpulse.com cnt.sup.com track.did-it.com
ads2.pittsburghlive.com www.jellycounter.com adimg.gamefaqs.com fonecta.leiki.com
www.linkshare.com shovi.frost-electric-supply.com hits.top.lv www.avwbox.de
www.dinclinx.com sb1.analoganalytics.com delb.myspace.com m.v.fwmrm.net
writingassociates.com www.freenation.com www.directadvert.ru alisat.biz
tube8vidscut.ddns.name cz8.clickzs.com leads.demandbase.com msnsearch.srv.girafa.com
www.crazyprotocol.com b.economedia.bg lw2.gamecopyworld.com www.direct-stats.com
tube8vidsvcs.ddns.name freakads.com www.adfirmative.com return.bs.domainnamesales.com
ozzysixsixsix.web.fc2.com motoso.ivwbox.de buy-vicodin-cheap-vicodin-online.com
sticker.yadro.ru c.fi.msn.com southafricaguesthouseaccommodation.com spotsniper.ru
static.pubdirecte.com www.riccardochinnici.it krone.nuggad.net divx.112.2o7.net
lifescript.us.intellitxt.com host1.list.ru hit39.chart.dk track.double.net
api.content.ad affiliatetracking.com www.adbrite.com vkont.bos.ru
health-beauty-rewardpath.com cm.west.yahoo.overture.com rotation.affiliator.com
static.pochta.ru rainbowcolours.me.uk formessengers.com ab.goodsblock.dt07.net
slashfilm.us.intellitxt.com launch.adserver.yahoo.com chkpt.zdnet.com
track.dvdbox.com tracking.searchmarketing.com tracking.dc-storm.com
metrics.cleveland.com pcash.imlive.com signready.com www.milkfountain.com
web3.easyresearch.se relay-bg.ads.httpool.com ometrics.netapp.com
thinstall.abetterinternet.com as.ebz.io castingshow-news.de.intellitxt.com
www.intelli-tracker.com onet.hit.stat.pl garo.hit.gemius.pl adv.adultpartnership.com
www.blogads.de counter2.freeware.de gapl.hit.gemius.pl track.effiliation.com
mt124.mtree.com global.ekmpinpoint.com trax.tvguide.com s128.histats.com
www.freestats.com www3.nationalgeographic.com publicidad.eluniversal.com.mx
profitshare.emag.ro stats3.porntrack.com ads-de.ret01.ligatus.com
adsyndication.msn.com adsrv.ads.eniro.com cn2.adserver.yahoo.com youcanoptin.net
e-matelco.com tube8vidsznx.ddns.name cdn.exactag.com count12.51yes.com
track.seorate.ru cams.enjoy.be l.qq.com i.blogads.com c10063.ic-live.com
yellspain.112.2o7.net c1.zxxds.net adfocus.ru shigy.hsb-vps.co.uk www.topmobile10.com
rp.hit.gemius.pl code.etracker.com www9.collectiblestoday.com www.nu26.com
mshelp247.weebly.com n.ads2-adnow.com top.one.ru 4dexports.com s33.cnzz.com
hot-product-hangout.com www.undertonenetworks.com geoads.eurorevenue.com
www.euros4click.de tube8vidsvtp.dnset.com asset.pagefair.net count16.51yes.com
www.zatzy.com edge.metroleads.com c.casalemedia.com vast.bp3854536.btrll.com
a.avtookazion.bg ad13.bannerbank.ru ym.adnxs.com smartdevicecentral.us.intellitxt.com
lakequincy.com adition.net www.lowes-pianos-and-organs.com buylicensekey.com
bankofamerica.tt.omtrdc.net expo-max.com metrics.delias.com t.pswec.com
ads2.exhedra.com bgtop100.com sgs.us.com n8.adshostnet.com
qualityindustrialcoatings.com www.webtrackerplus.com sebcotrk.com admedia.expedia.com
buy-cialis-online.meperdoe.net expired-targeted.com js7.clickzs.com
879.stats.misstrends.com low-hacker.popunder.ru buy-xanax-cheap-xanax-online.com
analytics.brightedge.com www.freecounter.it 1278725189.pub.ezanga.com jgen7.cjt1.net
st.fanatics.com delivery.adyea.com tracking.web2corp.com 4.androidislamic.com
tube8vidsdob.dnset.com a.farlex.com fast.nfl.demdex.net nedstat.tripod.com
www.fastadvert.com www.datatech.es c4.myway.com theeldergeek.us.intellitxt.com
static.tellaparts.com fastonlineusers.com incestland.com addie.verticalnetwork.de
ninemsn.imrworldwide.com webhit.afterposten.no pocketlint.uk.intellitxt.com
alclick.com error.fc2.com metrics.oprah.com kelleybluebook.112.2o7.net
interia.hit.gemius.pl electronicarts.112.2o7.net ecs1.engageya.com
newbrowse.livehelper.com feedjit.com decota.es crv.clickad.pl a.bizarremag.com
411mania.us.intellitxt.com adserv2.meritdesigns.com rxn247.com top.pcanywhere.net
jgen13.cjt1.net aolnssearch.122.2o7.net jmbi58.cjt1.net maxtracker.net
pei-ads.playboy.com top.er.cz adboost.finalid.com tracker.financialcontent.com
s02.flagcounter.com count8.51yes.com homeelectronicproducts.com f.domdex.com
s06.flagcounter.com home-garden-rewardpath.com tutorialoutpost.us.intellitxt.com
s07.flagcounter.com tvn.hit.gemius.pl ox.e-card.bg urchin.lstat.youku.com adboost.net
www.tangabilder.to miracema.rj.gov.br tradexoom.com s08.flagcounter.com
b.liquidustv.com www.leadingedgecash.com s11.flagcounter.com java-games.bestxs.de
verisonwildcard.112.2o7.net bank08.ads.mp.mydas.mobi tracking.intermundomedia.com
www.c4dl.com stat.delo.ua fast.postmedia.demdex.net v3.toolbar.soso.com
admp-tc.krak.dk netstorage.taboola.com s84.cnzz.com xit.sexlist.com www.fncash.com
ns1.lalibco.com www.lifeforminc.com zintext.com tracking.onespot.com www.webwise.com
sexpartnerx.com www.fpcclicks.com r.yieldkit.com shopperpromotions.com
www.chiaperottipaolo.it www.crazypopups.com capecodonlinecom.112.2o7.net
admax.nexage.com cdn.adbooth.com automobilemag.us.intellitxt.com freegeoip.net
adverts.freeloader.com www.elisaart.it i.trkjmp.com banner-a.oddcast.com 24log.de
lespeulons-auxerre.com counters.freewebs.com away.us.intellitxt.com
old-darkroast.adknowledge.com builderonlinecom.112.2o7.net ads80.com
libs.de.coremetrics.com btn.counter.weather.ca cm.npc-mcclatchy.overture.com
www.funtopliste.de nsads4.us.publicus.com ns2.w3open.com images-pw.secureserver.net
bans.adserver.co.il webstats.web.rcn.net aff3.gittigidiyor.com www.mercuras.com
log.newsvine.com postmasterbannernet.com 192.168.122.2o7.net getiton.com
mbox.offermatica.intuit.com media4.popmarker.com fxlayer.net www.adgroups.net
psucm.buyyourbtc.com www.specificpop.com www.ihaberadserver.com nedstatbasic.net
afkarehroshan.com s95.cnzz.com download.shareazaweb.com pixel.blog.hu
hphqglobal.112.2o7.net proext.com adsm.gameforge.de easyhits4u.com 103532.hittail.com
optimized-by.simply.com cdslog.contextweb.com www3.smartadserver.com
redirect.tracking202.com track.gawker.com asqlesechos.nuggad.net w118.am15.net
adp.gazeta.pl bps.beweb.com domaining.in police11.provenprotection.net
eontarionow.us.intellitxt.com truehits.gits.net.th viewer.peer39.com win-spy.com
promotools4.globalmailer.com 1800.stats.misstrends.com thumbs.ero-advertising.com
prod-js.aws.y-track.com ams.toxity.biz gmads.net error.banan.cz
mahabad-samaschools.ir c.za.msn.com a.ad.playstation.net adx.openadserve.com
trusearch.net futbolyresultados.es vu.veoxa.com bank20.ads.mp.mydas.mobi
www.onestat.com geobanner.seniorfriendfinder.com imp.double.net www.marinoderosas.com
pl.gmads.net a.press24.mk netflame.cc go777site.com ybinst2.ec.yimg.com
impie.tradedoubler.com askads.ask.com webcounter.goweb.de promo.cityads.ru www.gpr.hu
sitestat3.sport1.de eremedia.112.2o7.net adj12.thruport.com openx.shinyads.com
hollyrude.us.intellitxt.com showads.pubmatic.com mno.tns-cs.net
tube8vidsfgd.ddns.name grmtech.net ma211-r.analytics.edgesuite.net de.grmtech.net
2-art-coliseum.com a.admob.com fx.gtop.ro a.zoot.ro geoloc16.geovisite.com
www.gtop.ro users.effectivebrand.com rtb.metrigo.com bannerus3.axelsfun.com
www.unicaitaly.it s8.cnzz.com givememyremote.us.intellitxt.com tags.h12-media.com
ad0.haynet.com g.zedo.com tracking.trutv.com cz.hit.gemius.pl
autoanythingcom.112.2o7.net server-ru.imrworldwide.com media.popuptraffic.com
rtbpopd.com ivwboxv.de changduk26.com metrics.traderonline.com seet10.jino.ru
onrio.com.br rtc.romdiscover.com xml.intelligenttrafficsystem.com
beyondhollywood.us.intellitxt.com dc.sabela.com.pl metrics.tmz.com
aax.amazon-adsystem.com www.hermoment.com spamnuker.com www.random-logic.com
file.ipinyou.com.cn oppknocks.advertserve.com luckysuccess.info gif.hitexchange.net
www.freestats.ws spravki-online.hit.bg landing.hitfarm.com media.affiliatelounge.com
microsoftinternetexplorer.112.2o7.net 1directory.ru thegloss.us.intellitxt.com
hit-now.com w116.am15.net js.stats.de stjohnsdryden.org ace-lb.advertising.com
buy-lortab-online.iscool.nl storage.hitrang.com data.alexa.com webcom-software.ws
m1.be.2mdn.net bg.adocean.pl sears.112.2o7.net counted.com
sec.levexis.com phillymedia.112.2o7.net e1.static.hoptopboy.com
affiliates.ultrahosting.com adperium.com jp.admob.com h06.hotrank.com.tw
6063.bapi.adsafeprotected.com traffprofit.com metrics.ticketmaster.com
www.xxxtoolbar.com idpix.media6degrees.com jsc.adskeeper.co.uk at.ontargetjobs.com
www.adelixir.com adserve.city-ad.com ads-dev.youporn.com entry-stats.huffpost.com
s12.sitemeter.com vertical-stats.huffpost.com count.rbc.ru dyn.naiadsystems.com
click.sellmeyourtraffic.com www2.autopartswarehouse.com server-dk.imrworldwide.com
adspace.ro sonychina.112.2o7.net sj.burstnet.com traffic.acwebconnecting.com
allcarselectric.us.intellitxt.com vervewireless.com eten-users.us.intellitxt.com
affiliates.thrixxx.com servedby.netshelter.net ads1.qadabra.com wt.sexsearch.com
tom.allyes.com 750.stats.misstrends.com r.ibg.bg nandomedia.112.2o7.net
adbot.theonion.com piwik.mortgageloan.com f2nsmh.112.2o7.net www.icentric.net
tracker.icerocket.com count.freett.com web.linkexchange.ru
hairboutique.us.intellitxt.com sprintglobal.112.2o7.net www.exclusivegiftcards.com
1901.nordstrom.com dixonscouk.112.2o7.net d-cache.microad.jp geoloc4.geovisite.com
dnetshelter3.d.chango.com adoperator.com mortgage-memphis.hotmail.ru
static.everyone.net consumerinfo.tt.omtrdc.net www.getmyfreeplasma.com
de.komtrack.com pixel-user-1039.everesttech.net www.hittracker.org www.iboard.com
adidm.idmnet.pl www.goldadvert.cz analytics.pimproll.com wt.ticketmaster.com
axxessads.valuead.com hit35.hotlog.ru uwsnurse.com adserver2.news-journalonline.com
agevs.com 9563.hittail.com www.filehog.com gpaper107.112.2o7.net adroll.com
analytics.newsvine.com media.fairlink.ru adsrv.deviantart.com adman.in.gr
regman.freeze.com go.youlamedia.com mv.treehousei.com scoremygift.com
bbcdn.go.pol.bbelements.com a.kickassunblock.net shinystat.com beap.adx.yahoo.com
www.avantlink.com trw12.com depilflash.tv uberads.net eekro.cruisingsmallship.com
www.adengage.com tt3.zedo.com obeus.com x.imwx.com server-us.imrworldwide.com
piwik.hboeck.de assets.customer.io inetlog.ru adserve5.nikkeibp.co.jp
di-banner-se.c.richmetrics.com t.cqq5id8n.com cm.npc-cox.overture.com m6.dk.2mdn.net
avp.innity.com sifomedia.thelocal.se www.mlclick.com adcenter.mdf.se
www.innovateads.com hit13.hotlog.ru ad2.neodatagroup.com gsorder.berlin.strato.de
media.intelia.it fw.adsafeprotected.com yeskyafp.allyes.com adslvseed.qq.com
www.globalcharge.com www.retrostats.com sochr.com gars.hit.gemius.pl
technologyguide.us.intellitxt.com jsc.dt07.net www.system-live-media.cz
galv.hit.gemius.pl geobeacon.ign.com tour.sweetdiscreet.com event.trove.com
buylevitraonline.7h.com www.developpement-photo.net cm.spiketvifilm.overture.com
mueller-holz-bau.com cdn.interactivemedia.net static.oroll.com adserwer.intercon.pl
img.neogen.ro i.xx.openx.com campaigns.f2.com.au s1471.t.eloqua.com js.smi2.ru
sq7.co.uk search.keywordblocks.com network.adsmarket.com www.trndsys.mobi
ad01.investor.bg 312.1d27c9b8fb.com counters.gigya.com adserwer.afilo.pl
buycialisonline.bigsitecity.com chestionar.ro files.tailsweep.com www.961.com
am-display.com josip-stadler.org a.ads1.msn.com im.afy11.net
openx.broadbandtvnews.com cdn.advertserve.com www.ipstat.com yieldbuild.com
screenshot-pro.com kidsinsandbox.info offers.impower.com www.seo-portal.ro
ak1s.abmr.net tcr.tynt.com porngraph.com tracking.adjug.com services.x-traceur.com
www.popuptraffic.com adshow.it168.com chiemgau.ivwbox.de ifa.empflixlive.com
adserv.bravenet.com xylopologyn.com ssdc.icelandair.com
histats2014.simply-webspace.it affiliate.fr.espotting.com itcompany.com
commindo-media-ressourcen.de www.mm26.com cg-global.maxymiser.com
pcbutts1.ourtoolbar.com adimg.com.com pelmorexmedia.122.2o7.net adipex.ourtablets.com
iklan.emedia.com.my hitboxcentral.com ads2.drivelinemedia.com mrwong.ivwbox.de
openad.tf1.fr as1image1.adshuffle.com shop.skin-safety.com
scambiobanner.altervista.org dotnet.endai.com dl.keywordstrategy.org
customsboysint.com nl.ads.justpremium.com www.bostonsubwayoffer.com
newt1.adultadworld.com indianapolis.hosted.xms.keynote.com pixxur.com
ezgds.112.2o7.net files.dsnetwb.com gntbcstwcsh.112.2o7.net forex-signal.hut1.ru
adclient.uimserv.net affiliatefuel.com targetnet.com ads2.vasmg.com cambonanza.com
a18.x-traceur.com ads4.kompasads.com mastertarget.ru pt.server1.adexit.com
www.sanseracingteam.com adinjector.net d3fd89.r.axf8.net xwell.ru tags.w55c.net
mgfd1b.petrix.net spotxchange.com gg.hit.gemius.pl ak.quantcast.com yieldmanager.com
vfdeprod.amobee.com jue0jc.lukodorsai.info lib4.libstat.com adv.wisdom.bg adt.m7z.net
www.nospartenaires.com netsponsors.com ads9.advertwizard.com ct79.dsr.livefyre.com
link.link.ru iwantmy-freelaptop.com toplessrobotcom.skimlinks.com online-metrix.net
t.dtscout.com www.openinternetexchange.com tough.thingiebox.com geo.offermatica.com
pagerank4u.eu a.ligatus.com email-reflex.com delivery.ads.assistance.bg
icover.realmedia.com clicks2.traffictrader.net s4.shinystat.it adv.uauaclub.it
gw.youmi.net paraskov.com i.smartwebads.com exits1.webquest.net gr.linkwi.se
as.bankrate.com t.signaletre.com groupsetzipmyjob.org www.alexxe.com log.feedjit.com
www.adlandpro.com s54.cnzz.com youngsters.mesomoor.com counter2.blog.livedoor.com
csr.onet.pl www.epicgameads.com www1.mpnrs.com adcreative.naver.com
media1.popmarker.com updo.nl m02.webwise.org cpm.adspine.com advert.uloz.to
gj.mmstat.com ads3.speedbit.com i.admob.com picture-uploads.com ar.voicefive.com
postgazettecollect.247realmedia.com media.easyads.bg ivwnbox.de avenfeld.com
rbk.netmng.com js.redtram.com data.cmcore.com ivwabox.de w10.localadbuy.com
cdn.adsrvmedia.net fwdservice.com d1.kuai8.com classic.mbn.com.ua
codicebusiness.shinystat.com ringcentral.112.2o7.net gpaper117.112.2o7.net
rcm-eu.amazon-adsystem.com search.revenuepilot.com engine.goodadvert.ru luxup.ru
flashtalking.com www.bmmetrix.com nctbonline.co.uk ads2.zeusclicks.com
www.mainadv.com ibis.lgappstv.com subtracts.userplane.com s1.hit.stat24.com
rta.dailymail.co.uk vette-porno.nl ads4.virtual-nights.com pro.marinsm.com
metrics.doctoroz.com app.mashero.com oreo.matchmaker.com geoip.gtsads.com
govpro.us.intellitxt.com www.send-safe.com hinsib.com wroclawski.com.pl
pix.pulsemgr.com utm.trk.webfetti.com www.black-hole.co.uk mcmads.mediacapital.pt
www.ad-z.de sn.baventures.com flyingmag.com.122.2o7.net analytics.tbs.com
mdwaugusta.112.2o7.net sa.entireweb.com audit.median.hu livecamgirls.streamray.com
sacdcad03.salon.com fleshlightcash.com www.web-stat.com www.officialrdr.com
metrics.tlc.com piwik.medienhaus.com cdn.adspirit.de quickpwn.us.intellitxt.com
ad2.pl.mediainter.net t.pointroll.com scottishhillracing.co.uk ilovecheating.com
www.accuserveadsystem.com oixcrv-stage.net advert.mediaswiss.rs spir.hit.gemius.pl
sayherbal.com adj38.thruport.com www.metavertising.com affpartners.com
track.send.microad.jp adpick.switchboard.com d-track.send.microad.jp
www.cashlayer.com www.clickhouse.com www.hentaiclicks.com cdn.polmontventures.com
www.le1er.net www.burstnet.akadns.net com-kodak.netmng.com toddscarwash.com
adshmmsg.qq.com geo.gexo.com webstats.motigo.com metrics.bose.com geocounter.net
s1.myao.adocean.pl cdn.go.pol.bbelements.com gadnet.hit.gemius.pl adcore.ru
prod-services.interactiveone.com www.mylottoadserv.com servad.mynet.com
images.hitwise.co.uk z1.extreme-dm.com www.themexp.org the-best-track.com
luxpolice.net www.mystats.nl cxpixel.bidsystem.com tr1.frosmo.com creative.ad122m.com
adq.nextag.com img1.ncsreporting.com xorgwebs.webs.com uchyz.cruisingsmallship.com
fioricet.1.p2l.info ox-d.dailyherald.com a.centrum.cz www.serials.ws
button.clickability.com shop.kauffes.de www.ivvbox.de stabx.net www.ivbwox.de
silverlitescompany.ru qlipso.checkm8.com s2d6.com js77.neodatagroup.com
bkrntr.netmng.com www.newhouse2010.info bitmedianetwork.com ngacm.com
openx.engagedmediamags.com im2.smartadserver.com medusa.reklamlab.com
natural.buckeyeenergyforum.com promo.love-money.de www.webtistic.com
buy-vicodin-online.seumala.net myshopmarketim.com www.adviews.de 1in.cqcounter.com
directads.mcafee.com geniuspresentation.com www.dirtyrhino.com
static-shareaholic.s3.amazonaws.com fast.iyogi.demdex.net imgcdn.nrelate.com
ad1.pamedia.com.au www.cosmeticscentre.uk.com jgen47.cjt1.net advicead.hit.gemius.pl
dcs.wtlive.com primosearch.com tlvmedia.com www1.zapadserver1.com i.nuseek.com
server17.opentracker.net az.5.p2l.info speed.pointroll.com free-rewards.com-s.tv
m.adx.bg www.top100.lt walgrns.112.2o7.net imgc.psychcentral.com click4.rbc.magna.ru
gbjfc.rsvpgenius.com coreclickhoo.com hobbat.fvds.ru www.sitestatslive.com
ssl.xplosion.de www.freegiftcardsource.com count37.51yes.com adsby.webtraffic.se
secure-id.impressiondesk.com www.wyroki.eu hallmarkibmcom.112.2o7.net
ecestats.theglobeandmail.com www.oainternet.com jdownloadacc.cjt1.net
tracking.oe24.at hxtrack.holidayextras.co.uk survey2.voicefive.com
adafi.hit.gemius.pl tbl.tradedoubler.com meetupcom.112.2o7.net
code.new.smartcontext.pl c.chango.com affiliate.a4dtracker.com 51yes.com
www.youfck.com www.onestatfree.com www.metricsimage.com pop.egi.biz s13.cnzz.com
opt.hit.gemius.pl blockmetrics.com by.optimost.com metrics.aarp.org
ranks.boardtracker.com es.optimost.com www.oreware.com d.liadm.com thefxarchive.com
cc.simplereach.com metric.mylife.com www.textlink.cz express.uk.intellitxt.com
www.picture-uploads.com utility.baidu.com bbs.ws ads1.ami-admin.com
gardenweb.us.intellitxt.com network.clickconversion.net
xhealthmobiletools.112.2o7.net us.x1.yimg.com goody-garage.com click2.yllix.com
lsmusiccollect.247realmedia.com addjump.com v1.cnzz.com eb.dd.bluelinecomputers.be
g1.v.fwmrm.net askmeaboutrotary.com nanocluster.reklamz.com cdn.g.promosrv.com
automotive.us.intellitxt.com adv758968.ru w68.am15.net count.pcpop.com
utils.mediageneral.net cookie.pebblemedia.be wt.sexsearchcom.com
lp.videos-free-downloaders.com scripts.the-group.net www.sponsorads.de
www.bigpenisguide.com cdn.iqcontentplatform.de vip.adstatic.com gemadhu.hit.gemius.pl
west.adlink.de 1jo.cqcounter.com texas-holdem.shengen.ru shinystat.shiny.it
web.industrybrains.com clickserv.sitescout.com pgssl.com uqz.com
bank10.ads.mp.mydas.mobi mt55.mtree.com go.straightresults.com www.edle-stuecke.de
ots.optimize.webtrends.com demoafp.allyes.com widget.plugrush.com
www.loading-delivery1.com track2.mybloglog.com flash.quantserve.com 2girls1cup.com
po.st cnt1.pocitadlo.cz cnt2.pocitadlo.cz trafficspaces.net www.ranking-charts.de
www.pollmonkey.com analytics.unister-gmbh.de m.fr.2mdn.net cheap-hydrocodone.go.to
mgwnct.112.2o7.net ads9.udc.advance.net pub42.bravenet.com reklam.milliyet.com.tr
all.orfr.adgtw.orangeads.fr thebosh.us.intellitxt.com weborama.fr l1.cdn.qnsr.com
www.security-support.co static.cdn.adblade.com ekmas.com ad18.bannerbank.ru
chezh1.popmarker.com top-fwz1.mail.ru www.popuptraf.ru buy-diazepam.connect.to
immosct.wemfbox.ch server-nz.imrworldwide.com www2.portdetective.com
search.mywebsearch.com magnetic.domdex.com protection.skpolice.com server.adform.net
www.pr-free.de top.proext.com profiling.veoxa.com tracking.eurowebaffiliates.com
pixel.tapad.com bio-air-technologies.com ads-kurir.providus.rs istartsurf.com
hakerzy.net adsview.qq.com tracking.publicidees.com ntlligent.info fttcj.com
clickedyclick.com u1.puls.lv sofeminine.uk.intellitxt.com www.view4cash.de
29773.v.fwmrm.net live.sekindo.com myphentermine.polybuild.ru bms.msk.bg
by.adocean.pl ad-void.com www.clickthruserver.com track.sitetag.us
www.nutten-verzeichnis.cxa.de counters.vendio.com lokalavisendk.nuggad.net
cachebanners.toteme.com netsprint.hit.gemius.pl adj46.thruport.com
cdns.privatamateure.com hardforum.us.intellitxt.com e1.cdn.qnsr.com qualityporn.biz
cnhinewscourier.122.2o7.net www.getmyfreelaptop.com adprofile.net intermediads.com
webstats.plus.net data.abebooks.com ox-d.ads.revnm.com fivwbox.de usage.trackjs.com
fast.gm.demdex.net nordette.3.p2l.info adobur.com vs.forbes.com m2.fr.2mdn.net
gostats.ir anm.intelli-direct.com cdn.reporo.net id.slate.com 1gavcom.popunder.ru
cdn.comparemetrics.com log.aebn.net techclicks.net commerce.www.ibm.com p.rfihub.com
www.the-binary-theorem.com adcontrol.tudou.com overlay.ringtonematcher.com
www.aivwbox.de db.riskwaters.com t1.stormiq.com c4.maxserving.com
imagecache.directtrack.com imagesb.ultsearch.com gifs.burstnet.com laxnws.112.2o7.net
helpmedownload.com autobytelcorppopup.112.2o7.net m1.emea.2mdn.net adj48.thruport.com
pxl.pmsrvr.com ro2.biz spiegel.met.vgwort.de openx.utv.bg openx.359gsm.com
adsearch.wp.pl tracking2.hittail.com cialis-levitra-viagra.com.cn rheinzei.ivwbox.de
c10014.ic-live.com com-quidco.netmng.com promo.badoink.com ocp.bnet.com
media.scanscout.com engine.nectarads.com sat.scoutanalytics.com 4.whereinitaly.com
pub.softonic.com advertising.seenews.com m4.jp.2mdn.net sensic.net
www.free-counters.net e.nexac.com rt.visilabs.com advertpro.sitepoint.com
stampscom.112.2o7.net metrics.thinkgeek.com screen-mates.com rtax.criteo.com
hits.truehits.in.th 123pagerank.com affili.net www.msgtag.com
esoad.frost-electric-supply.com eu1.snoobi.com links.xxxcounter.com
www.gallerytrafficservice.com us-topsites.com madvertise.de app.winwords.adhood.com
serenescreen-marine-aquarium.en.softonic.com pro.hit.stat24.com www.tribalfusion.com
analytic.gatewayinterface.com t1.softonicads.com red01.as-eu.falkag.net
profitshare.ro ciaocom.122.2o7.net software.softwaare.net decrolyschool.be
wormgush.com sacdcad02.salon.com maximumcash.com apex.go.sonobi.com
imp.partner2profit.com w03.timeout.com mashinkhabar.com oasc12001.247realmedia.com
theuploadbusiness.com analytics.soup.io c.spiegel.de sifomedia.idg.se luckypure.info
ad3.liverail.com www.speedcounter.net springclick.com www.surfguide.fr
d.unanimis.co.uk www.spywareit.com hugde.adocean.pl pixel.staticworld.net
statistik-gallup.net go.sonobi.com dynamic.fmpub.net js.stormiq.com
zdnet.be.intellitxt.com www.exitforcash.com logger.cash-media.de yevins.com
theonenetwork.us.intellitxt.com toplist.sk www.mygiftcardcenter.com
webservices.sub2tech.com cache.fimservecdn.com www.surveynetworks.com
delivery.swid.switchads.com adv.swzone.it www.metareward.com
security-dtspwoag-check.in idvisitor.theroot.com now.eloqua.com
geoservice.webengage.com www.sports-bonuspath.com tarasoft.bg affiliate.blucigs.com
www.webstat.se cbsspln.112.2o7.net ghacks.de.intellitxt.com buy-adipex.i-jogo.net
tags.adcde.com www.guesstheview.com exit76.com www.specificclick.com
tracker.netklix.com track.keywordstrategy.org traffic.tcmagnet.com adv.technews.bg
p.twitter.com pix03.revsci.net s44.sitemeter.com img.prohardver.hu adsatt.espn.go.com
bb.crwdcntrl.net image.atdmt.com openx.apollo.lv www.yvwbox.de tar.tradedoubler.com
recon.bleacherreport.com s.boom.ro www.adylalahb.ru a.tfag.de b-1st.com whos.amung.us
ak.tfag.de ads-by.yieldselect.com peel.webmasterprofitcenter.com
b.computerworlduk.com tube8vidsuty.dnset.com www.4girlsfingerpaint.org
delivery.ads-creativesyndicator.com adv.tgadvapps.it skelaxin.1.p2l.info
www.zido-baugruppenmontage.de 1nl.cqcounter.com metrics.amd.com thecarshop.info
www.adserver.janes.net www.thecarshop.info buy-vicodin.dd.vu cdn.visiblemeasures.com
wrapper.fileplanet.com trace.qq.com pei-ads.thesmokingjacket.com securerunner.com
show.onenetworkdirect.net www.tinbuadserv.com ap.read.mediation.pns.ap.orangeads.fr
www.ndparking.com zbest.in www.tinka.ru docs.pinion.gg www.amazingcounters.com
cdn.total-media.net tns-gallup.dk www.top66.ro cfg.datafastguru.info
imgs.adverticum.net jacksonsun.us.intellitxt.com www.sports-premiumblvd.com
overclockersonline.us.intellitxt.com ghmbg.hit.gemius.pl cash-advance.now-cash.com
hit.topc.org t.skimresources.com www.mudmonster.org srv-us.znaptag.com
www.onadstracker.com img001.com www.bannerconnect.net www.top25.ro www.ivwboxf.de
00fun.com hitcents.com s212.ucoz.net www.gulsproductions.com itv.112.2o7.net
comicbookresources.us.intellitxt.com cnt1.xhamster.com advert.livesportmedia.eu
cf.ads.kontextua.com tabex.sopharma.bg www.tr100.net www.trackbacksecure.com
www.18access.com go.mobytrks.com www.giftrewardzone.com tcgtrkr.com stat.zenon.net
pulso.butlerelectricsupply.com dm.travelocity.com go.evolutionmedia.bbelements.com
hana-naveh.com www.webcounter.com rtb3.doubleverify.com s.ads.t-online.de
r.sharethis.com engine.trklnks.com westjet.112.2o7.net cowboy.contextuads.com
s26.topstat.com focusbaiduafp.allyes.com torax.outwar.com adidm07.idmnet.pl
puppytoob.us.intellitxt.com m1.ve.2mdn.net req.tidaltv.com www.ivwboxu.de
trackdiscovery.net kainari.spring-tns.net acvsrv.mediaonenetwork.net sana.newsinc.com
handelsblatt.met.vgwort.de www.ivwboxs.de tcookie.usatoday.com
thesuperdeliciousnews.com ads-by.madadsmedia.com cnt.trafficvalet.com
media.travelzoo.com a.xanga.com www.hxtrack.com lycosu.com newwayscanner.info
floatingads.madisonavenue.com s1.trrsf.com res.levexis.com www.unicast.com
img1.ientry.net cm.ivillage.overture.com tracker.truehits.in.th pixel.pcworld.com
c.be.msn.com analytics.trutv.com adclient1.tucows.com www.bottleguy.com
stua.hit.gemius.pl ad-balancer.net adsplius.lt theaffiliateprogram.com cyberscat.com
loga.hit-parade.com www.countok.de titon.info www.whitesmoke.com mediamgr.ugo.com
buy-fioricet.hut1.ru widget.supercounters.com transition.adtrgt.com 85dcf732d593.se
adclient-af.lp.uol.com.br wu.adonweb.ru fixya.us.intellitxt.com
counter31.bravenet.com c.uarating.com sol-images.adbureau.net dbs.advertising.com
newssourceoftoday.com oapsa.tourstogo.us ourbesthits.com tiads.instyle.com
bg.search.etargetnet.com imagevenue.advertserve.com advstat.xunlei.com
jbaventures.cjt1.net
